Latiiiin
@ Florenaguirre1 Always.
@ ElTanque1891 not want to be your assistant or something?
Nh+n jajajajjajajaja
I can not believe
JAJAJAJAJAJAJAJAJAJAJAJAJAJAJAJAJAJAJAJAJAJAJAJAJAJAJAJAJAJAJAJAJAJAJAJAJAJAJAJAJA IS GOOD ESA
The shared love does not exist
We discovered lol
Toy cheto  http://t.co/vSYDZzSicO
Pull the boat out ventanaaa
Much better than wine are the kisses of your mouth
http://t.co/MhyhgCP2FC
Geniuuuusss
Today I have to take time for Teddy
To add music to paloo tanki
In con took luli jajajajaajajajja :(
your a reserve
I'm from 08:30 lifted and I have not had breakfast nothing, only 3 crackers with dips
18 carats
Large I'll have a house in the city, and a farm in the countryside with many horses, cows and sheep
But never Pffff.
Today I delivered the result of partial mathematical 
I el.oral lack of history and we saw high school re
@ 7LUZBELITO I tmbbbbbbbbb
Best Lyceum is the cantina that has frozen arcor
I want to go to candy
I have a cold :(
alfredo told me as I type an hour ago I hate
Perreo perreo perreo
Let me go to my ask nothing
#LeticiaBarrientos Not accept the Frente qa q we say we want to be like when we went batman robin long.
Jajajjajjajaja
I envy people who do not have to study this day 
Nothing to sleep with this pillow
I found a home arena is to make turkey oo think there are so many things we never use xD
Life put me next to you
ManuelH_TGODJotaErreDTnoseasmalotv Welker already selling the stadium a genius cin rsul castro pearol will be a ko murga I vote it
I finally answered the fox
We went 
Complete motherfuckers poem
no me sale
I want to touch the timbreeeeeeee 
Nap in her stronghold http://t.co/LoIhMLhrzm
An exaggeration of laughter made, I am sure that neither was laughing
As you say, my flower?
I was in all colors, dejaaaa
I want to go home, but I have to go uu leg
I do not want that to happen again
llego avriil jajajajja
Sssssssuuuunbooombonnn
Those times when you do not know what to say or do
Jajajajade one
I if I were rich I would buy an island and a jet
Anyone want to go to pasture?
A florence does not close the door 
As sprayed with classic vo
I psychologist, now and then the partial English. If I do wrong I have several things to blame
Adrenalina pura http://t.co/DwnIb3GByk
I'm pulling out all the doubts now
Xq Nc kk kick me under that letter if I do not study? _? -.-
IClariCastillooo with ugly fat?
Is it legal're so good?
Yesterday I stopped talking to myself 
 http://t.co/FZXJXRiEqA
One Time 

#EMABiggestFansJustinBieber
Give me your lips with kisses bursts ...
Lambeta bottle atendeme to me that I am more important
No girls, love and peace will fight 
While they are dead. We no longer believe the idea that everything is fine and knows afraid
Every 10 minutes makes me want to go and do pee a few drops. I stressed
Arrive 10 prior bo
Ay, ay, ay if your mom found out half the things you do.
So leave me alone q
Puuuuuta
Folio per folio
I write down everything for the test computer
I have a math test now
Now I'm with the cel
Hoola
I would tell my boyfriend every time before I go out like that if I traveled to see me hahahahahaha
What happened in FM Ocean there is only music ????
Gano my team well milwaukee
Hate burn because I cry with rage.
Up there I have q IIRR
Recreooo
That ugly talk and say it looks like I will not talk more.
Everything I have read, ajajajaajajaj god.
That more people there Bullera crazy ... If picture is mine take them problems is your life and your body can do what they want with the
#YoPropongo You stay here :)
Looked at her and I wore to mourn what it was that ugly mustache
I love my boyfriend let alone talking about facebook !. 
Touch you without telling you more naaaa
Songs heard these 80 year ..
Karen what time comes?
Over again #EMABiggestFans1D
"I'm depressed.
What happened?
I do not need anything happening, happened long ago and I keep getting sad. "
Nerviioos 
He was entering his tw and confirm
Is that donot how to explain pa q does not hurt things love not taught in school
7:30 Today I start with a full training until around 11:30
On Saturday I fall there with you vagoos
When we were at the stop we saw Bru and Pau are a lindoos 
I must not import
Jhona broken egg
I pelie with mom and told her the silver caravans get in the ass haha
Since we can not think or believe, or whether to believe you
Cachoteen wants you in the face
Never would a tattoo I think I am very regret things haha
lol surely sawmariamoreira_xo bad if buying lenses !!
as fuck with me like leandro, no.
The yumi aue have told me 10 years
Do thou not looked at moans
Fuck you? Hahaha daalee gaaas
Today is the Seregni, matte andJovenes_FA at 18hrs loans there ..
You are 10 and you do not tell me, I eye the laburar now gives no time .. lol
 http://t.co/3CXRLd1VOF
CamilaOspitales Jjaajajajajajajaja ahhh bitch was lpm
Nose if both, but if
talk to me
Today I started singing in class estoyy enamoradaaaaaaaaaaaaa and looked at me weird jajajajajaajaj I amooooo #EMABiggestFansJustinBieber
Cut the mad passions
I care that people think what I think.
That shit manuel de jajajajajajaja
no attention, personally I am more beautiful
Jajajajajajajajajaj climbed to bondi and was fabio and did not know where to look, to enter, oh nono that stuck jajajaajajajajajjaja
I trust that nature is wise and not take anything for the headache. They are 48 hours of pain. Serious when looking for a perifar.
Chau !!!
I come lindaso holding at this point my ex and had sent to shit in your own home
When working mum
The ice grido not compare with those of good vibes
You can't beat me, this is my game
Neither grace nap I fell asleep !!
With what I love to go out and buy things lol
17:17
Before summer arrives need to go to a psychologist to overcome last season's Slow
At 5 in the morning we go to Mdeo, suerrrrte
toddy una mas y ta
Profe chupame female genital dale
@ MatiasSantana12 her sixth crown vamo a ganar ****
I cansadaaa
Jajajajajajaja Mallines tells Matias "my girlfriend evaluated so as this" jajajajajajajajaja
A little wpo and notifies you when you got the cell phone in hand
From the movie
Flaca me no clues your daggers in the back, so deep, it does not hurt, does not make me wrong
NOT SPEAK WITH FAKE D1 jajajajajajajajja the bati
Now I can go eat
Pequeeeeo http://t.co/H97O9MDTlS
The last days of school are the worst
Dress unthinkable when something happens, well ... I'm so ornery hehe !!!
I FEEL LIKE THE FIRM ass
The alternative tee Rome, this rich rich!
For chemistry was the only part not to study almost anything
Que linda late that
Looking forward to the summer school ends ? ?
A desire to spread the #trotancap
2 dead too. He and the goalkeeper
I have no one to go just
It's amazing the bullying that made me the car prosegur
But it's too late to go to sleep early nap and bedtime bue
I'm in a bad mood
I'll make me arito I can not be so chickenshit 
Just now has jajaj music
He travels the bowl
Seen whatsapp, what was missing
Wants cock
http://t.co/auvnBmmrVd
And now as ever luis Enrique Suarez brings lpm
Shuu
I'll tell nicole morning to go to end
I do not want to infect danilo why I do not want you to kiss me and steals
@ RbkT33 yeah, I'd go to acapulco, but I'm not so bad trips, but the problem is money, ha
Ours was stardust
The prof gim for grabs me fuck
A fuck wpp let yourself do not do this hand
http://t.co/AUA69mIMrE
Marley  @ Ranch Anacauita http://t.co/jIvQ6bXOim
A LOVE TOO JJAAJAJAJJAJA NINU
The daughter of my grandmother's girlfriend is hating cheta sheets and smoking reefer hahaha .. HELLO!
Ufaa started to say an old photo mia
I re distracted and did not study
I got webola these tw
@ Vaaleentinaa23 
Danube do not worry you'll always tiny serrr
MicaaaPerezz No, no ..
Pq you left without telling me !!! I miss you
With cami Lu and Nahuel
Vino my old
Instead of being well're upside down, always fighting 
Tomorrow I have free e e e e
Anything I write lol
http://t.co/f27RShSUMx
Not spray pa good haha
And this re good
Vamo playing despiertoos
The fucking with wpp, I do not want the blue seen 
Phew envy me lol
I stick tremendous nap because she was sad
aca estamoss
"paulitachaves: Dale RT if you think dogs are unconditional friends http://t.co/Nbu6JoLLlP"
Knife was made and
I was going to install back but not terrible journey I have to do it all over again to have all the money http://t.co/5YVmOXZA8J
panchimenb through which pass the game?
Juran
He slipped'm fissured
I already burned, I change the humor in seconds. It's awesome.
@elmalafamero @pm_22ok japshhh!! @joakomirasol
Hahahaha @ MeluSuarez8 good if vo deci
As someone close understanding with his own hands the cell that imprisons him ??
BelIdiart And we bldA?! ??? !!
Arrive
Be fucking and dont get mad
Kevin roldan has the own issues to nicky jam
Tomorrow my father will meet franc, nerves haha
very good report thatMonkopapps gave us one of the Android apps developed withXamarinAppDev
Lauraaaaaa
I love you infinity, you will always be the best, there is no way that hug!
Do not come to buscarmeee
Tadabia two weeks without football
are the kisses of your mouth (8
I'm going to the bauza
Give others
I told you not to have been that encajaste -.-
A kiss on the neck and fly like superman
_lucianafer And the abortion ... and gay ... We can make a list ...
Pufff
JAJAJAJA in the stadium with no comoooooo campern
Tas to
Pa rich smell of pineapple
Haha this is passed, put some gas and sends the dale, dale gas'm shitting me, give me pica gas shell, I'm fucking gas dale, dale gas delay
#UruguayNeedsOTRAT #UruguayNeedsOTRAT #UruguayNeedsOTRAT #UruguayNeedsOTRAT #UruguayNeedsOTRAT #UruguayNeedsOTRAT #UruguayNeedsOTRAT 31
~ YOUR any 
FrancoRomeroVPI Francuchis'll wow this Friday?
MichoPeluf Best is uba pij
Music and nothing else
I'm hungry
#UruguayNeedsOTRAT #UruguayNeedsOTRAT #UruguayNeedsOTRAT #UruguayNeedsOTRAT #UruguayNeedsOTRAT #UruguayNeedsOTRAT #UruguayNeedsOTRAT 60
SofiiCaceress Sofiaa !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Boluda fails you ?? Like I love you
On the birthday of the tia 
I love youu
which you want to give you?
+ Gimme my cucu bum bum want your ah ah ah
My sister's death I re stalkeajajajjajw
FAVORITE GIRL #EMABiggestFansJustinBieber http://t.co/egikTZ3LEa
Remember when all we listened and we were tremendous cumbia prisoners?
He needed to talk to Daste
I'm so bored

Now tell us .... good bye
Clear as not my grandmother my grandfather is alive and changing the gil novel
Cata will live? you who say
I'm thinking about you listening jajajaj not give more than villera bye
Over a week ago I -.-
El_Coyto Because I remember
A genius gunman
How nice but I'm not going to high school until Monday
Fua que average
Irma want to live to the condemned, and said he bought a locker and 3 whiskey
Poor must be horrible that
With Pame always give us front
Girls forward to returning 
Whether you buy means gift & lt; 3
I've never laughed so much as now with Brother Black haha 
I hate fish cutlets
@ Maxiperco10 I keep thinking about Friday !!!!!!! Ahhhhhhh
I'll eat
Baby I'm the q ieva to bed by now q sigh of love, I'm the q leave you with more energy, I amass io q
http://t.co/I17eA2EOxX
My brother says there na neither forget mine but I habla NI
Today I unburdened
ChasquettiLanzaro_Decano As graduate dean Lanzaro support
I do not get any consideration I believe
hahaha I menossssgiulianaaaa_r jajajaj
@ Catarey9 also
Hahahaha re tranqui
@ SantiLanda1 climbed pdf
Tomas does not want me back my bag
Just sign that I'm not going to burn more head for that kid theme overcome.
The flavi is one of camboriu esos.en and ajajjaja chochaza
Anyone want to study on my ??
Ball never gave me and now you're jealous
I will kill the physical haha
Raging shell mother
just before bathing my hair is perfect
I have a dual lol
Lei moons and automatically malvin me one name came to mind
will exploit these 15 improvements
I'm just surrounded by emotions that choke me
I do not have normal friends, bua
Divine is worth my name pensandoo today was the ultrasound
Turned, the calibrated beam wall from inside the coop

That cute blue 
They pay pension pobrecitos
hahaha fucking lucas
It was another person who loves, but changed when I spend the months, days, years !! D: I love you but you see you odio.
I love hugs Cinthia
That grumpy shit
The Penguins fit me a paralytic in the right calf I ruined
is something neutral? jajajajajajaj
Tomorrow I'm spending all the money on food and I am on the promenade to meditate but I need solaaa: /
I always take the jokes in good lol
He tells her breath? 
Back ah trust your eyes ... (8
Starts well and swear to shit and control ami not talk to me jamassss
The bored you are so
http://t.co/tfIw1r68j6
@ CarolinaCanil1 happened?
caroolaina I'm saving the big delivery pal Sunday night ... Just in case q march.
Uyuy
@fedegon4  boom
@ JaviMora04 talk to me
Before Sunday I tell my bet, you bet only you, will galli comerr
I love re tighten strong teeth
Luula_Pereira Hablale a la mano 
We talk but noooo
It hurts the panzaaaaaa
One day call nadia and even said hello and I was laughing and JAJAJAJAJJJAJAJAJJJAJ
Very cute I got was pretty slow but thanks
elvistweetss estudiaste?
4 months ago that we do not keep asking me if I want to
I can not see fast and furious 6 without affecting me look like Gisel dies, poor Han
Lalalala
# EMABiggestFans1D
BeluuuCardozo Team
A nap tranqui  http://t.co/26NgjFM6Dm
What's up now that are all #mafioso #Mafia and sew that wave?
Fail ..
@ Danielcataldo7 I disagree. She caught the process x things that were beyond the sport
Divinooo to dormirrr
My worst scars are not on my skin.
Best avi beware things and shhhh
Hayes my love 
I'm super scared 
That gives me disgust
Mo re we face today with tremendous history of philosophy haha ladder lace aja was worth!
Follow me & amp; I follow you;)
# EMABiggestFans1D
Then I wonder why I do not smile in photos !!! I hate my smile http://t.co/HyewrTSw6o
Your a reserve! Visto en WPP? Sacamelaaa
fiocammarano  you much more !!!
elgrangustaf grandeeeee
PatoCarbonell That litter the duck dive?
My mother get stressed me what happens
And you came back to your racatacata
I ratha be ya n i g g a
That game emelec and sao paulo
I speak to you I do not speak I speak re not talking ....
Audios can not send this shit is a trip rq write
I'm not grabbing disgust pq
Hahaha sii this maal?
Iornerobido I did the same boluda and 4 !!
VerooSilvaa Bo, and you're killing
Hahahaha
On Sunday, the stadium explodes !!!! #NacionalNacional
Qui perch
With photo Sp happened to me cata
1 hour ago that it is updating the literal computer
23:32
Desechooo
Ta ta, I better go.
A little will not hurt che
@ Panchiit19 receive one and I hope I will not drop an idol.
I'll teach as hacee
metavinoFerrAguiar and I thought I was the only one. . That I was naive.
How nice it is to have a parent you can explain and not pay teacher :)
I'll burn your head before
"Difficult but not impossible" 
I'm going to live to Argentina next year 
#NDC There are things that I never a.poder confess over here but I'm dying to put
I enjoy my camaaaaaa
It was not just for the movie? I do not understand
As we talked with Rocha!
098410214
I wish I had an older brother
I will not lose you again, less by a pabada
Another new moon and I love you much more than three moons ago
Arrives Sunday
My w.app not turn blue when they read my mnsjs:-(
I swear I'm going to learn the song of shakira and then the almost and if I SWEAR and will RE practice
Today I closed the car door and I hurried tighten two fingers, I'll explain what I thought q suffered desmallaba me
The idiot is not identified, now a million tws you have to do
00:00 I want hablessss me
@ Agu2312 shell of my grandmother
Able to disconnect any wire will
Lassssssstima that little detail, do not invite me to your party.
Chinaman has signed a fucking
Matamuski jajajajajajajajajajajaaj
Si o no?
Is Vamos
hahaha
I fall to the sea floor, scratching the bubble in which you are not.
#EMABiggestFansJustinBieber Believe almost a year's Tour in Argentina
Mourn for a kid with ??
CuteBlueArmyy Thank you! If you wait for me Almost Angels put 
I love you a thousand Jajajjajajjajajajjajaja
I'm lonely lonely lonely lonely with vls I have everything I todooo
Lol why?
Preguntameeeee http://t.co/CuG6SQmX3d
I told you about nuevooo!
Do not insist
Aaaaa not show me cositos celestial :(
# EMABiggestFans1D isiwkskwk
Yooo I'm here just tell me when and dondeee
Looking cucu
If as not
Ignacio Fabian really your name?
now my official birthday
Lol @ PauCastellanos3 I shit all wpp and leaves lol
2 cute hours I concentrated only on paper and pencil
Leaves me crazy
I did cerquillo: 3
DefineTG That is why I said (?
I want to sing like #EMABiggestFansJustinBieber
Because no one speaks to me
Your Hablame
Let me talk
Mg #EMABiggestFansJustinBieber
you run away from my brazooos, also if NaADA (8
I want hablee
He complains about the others, but he swears
But dancing full pa pa pa I spend the night that you
JoacoReyy Because you lie like that?
least we did with monkeys, suck
You're playing and I really enamoreee
I have no luck
Food on the tits and Carusos pisci 
I lack the background and're done agus
Regalame passages hahaha
Ta llegando night, night of romance
I need to fuck, I'm with Todaa
I can not help but enter their favs
When everything seems fucked up is when you have to put
aracelivarela_ if I seen you drunk I you
@ Santiduqe98 well well thank God. You will be sent a wpp a while ago
The songs today speak only put
I forget to reply to dew
And I re aburroooooooo
Now talk to her now ah dream it
stares at me and I can re
Tomorrow I sprayed like crazy but go to the utu haha
@ Lulibal7 not
We are changing all over the room, finally !!! it will look cute lindoo
Beautiful brother  #dog #orejas #largas http://t.co/ANUPq8bmBE
Mom asked me what time I called and said I was not going to travel JAJAJAJAAJAJA
It's amazing the ability of people to become head about anything, including me
Yuck cats cry like babies !!
Is a divinooooo
I showered and shaved
I had forgotten that I was going to raise eating
I want to return my sueo
Eshe mm doh
Jajajaj: 3
~ What deceo firm ajaj
I'm hungry I want to eat
I say yeah jajajaj: 3
Cowboy http://t.co/QbmzwiSs3H
Well, I fall for you every day ...
Dissimulation? What is that?
Tomorrow I'll talk to see as follows
This is a good time pa, pa behave badly and deny everything
Foofisabe Anything, then I grant a miracle
While the mine and talk and talk and she understands
Time left his indelible mark
They will wonder people are going to wonder
Jajajajajaj tremendous turd am @ FacundoMorfin1
The idea was to get up early, the issue is whether I can do ..
Taking good santa teresaaa with bandaaaa
Stay here with me, find me and I will give relief.
Haceteeeeekis angry lol
The truth that however much we have gained by 0.2 in the Olympics were sooo good

No one in tw
EU ESO NO NO
Pa firm exploits this January
Dale we
because it is a dog
I am not sleepy lpm
They agreed is
I shit to stick with Brian and ripped the caravan
HELLO insomnia  ** ** lpqtp
no al bullying
Like love my shirt Uruguay 
what color? jajajajajajajj
My dad went, they went my cousins, the neighbor went and got 10 and 11, and has not gone live.
Uh these atomizing chick!
Weep no more my baby girl ninaa
Bueeno will go to the high school starting trankib
Papa brought me a bag of biscuits and we did not eat a single one and rq
Be your walking or aro.a your pwloo
Not wanting to apparate by Lyceum at this point, and I still have two weeks I kill myself or do
Wants to Santo today, strange boys
I fail to 8 or so
He complains about me and she is 300000000000 times worse
I woke up early that miracle
I slept
I want to be with you, living with you, a wild night
Q childishness mdsss 
For me, a goddess of contagious laughter (8
P.contado, P.lista, and damn you all to hell
#EMABiggestFansJustinBieber #EMABiggestFansJustinBieber #EMABiggestFansJustinBieber
People used to pull indirect tw everywhere
I had one of the best dreams of my life 
Tomando mateee con Sandra
I'm listening to the noise of the compu mouse  fuck
But I have more than 30 absences
Today gim practice and then 
More light than potatoes
How easy it is to fight and strike if even legitimate to achieve your ends do not discount the days when not brindas services
Jajajja I realized, you had a gingerbread in manoo
Joselin stood in front of the ball and screamed, BENITO BENITO BENITOOOOO and pulled the ball jajajajajajajajjajjaj
I have to face it in the partial lpm
That dream that I have God
Dale when?
And today, I hope you florrr with me so that together we can sonreirr amorrr and be felizzz
They talked about my tweet in the program, that level 
Breakfast tranki http://t.co/arFOdoAKhJ
ziguiriguidum ziguiriguidum
I'm hungry
I have to finish the cover! WELL THAT SORAYA
@ RenzoCastiglio1 than silver
summer love
#EMABiggestFans1D
Crazy movie !!!!
5hs
teveCIUDADTeatroSolis Thanks! There are more locations available? I am accompanied ...
Hahaha this bitch qe retu
I have no one to laugh at home, I feel aburridaaa
Volvee fast nene
I would have to read or study not
Jajajaj
In class we sing lol and come to challenge xq is very high
She is cheating on you
I do not call
I have crazy chemistry concerned
Pa, now much more noticeable. This less, because it's hot.
Math and lpm
La Cs.fisicas has some clothes that are cute but hurts having to smell cigar Nose
Working English c: http://t.co/0prMCVl04s
I'm re boring
I'll have to go to Maldo, here I can not shorts 
The beauty of the club tomorrow is that no one
Hahaha this class is anything
Biology is easy but bored
Today I'll go an hour Lyceum
And you're very wrong :)
I love rt
Matias_Barone These on the floor ??
Vivimarcomisol @ ALICIA90237733 Goodnight lived. Sweet dreams and beautiful awakening . Blessings http://t.co/JoInaO38h8
@ Lusantellan01 @ brunog_22AgustinAurine I do. I believe.
Kiss kiss me love with you
Nothing cuter than sleeping with my fat
maxi laughs at my bad qur espadrilles
SEGUIMO WAITING FOR THE POLLOCK, ARE ALL LIKE THE VILLEROSS COJIDOS
But how boring my Saturday
I'm cranky as ever
Smile and do not cry
Gastonromero8 sebagarcia13 @ @ @ Dobleve_4 walks cheto shit like mc caco said the alcolemia gave me 7.10 
I'll show him my her tatto
 http://t.co/83Ly71pvEs
She wanted selfie and here tA http://t.co/cVZm7JWqlQ
The best thing you did milu. ALWAYS JUNTAS
@SebaTemer alcahuete
Guacho smokes porroooooo
And it's all my fault now not these peripheral
@ Pink Helenpiriz96 sweet: o
I shit on Ayyyy putaaaa
With anything, not with anyone.
Never understand anything.
Piter just saved my life with their thermal jacket
I do not remember anything that I spent on alcohol
Never stalkeo but when I do I escape mg, bookmarks, stickers, farts, prisoners. That asshole I am.
How nice to know that today is the classical
Beautiful nochee :)
Flo changes
Igualito
Write anything
Berto and Tincho
Kajakjajajajajajajaja
Lpm
The woman fuck you fuck you fuck you fuck but when you do not concern yourself more ... this fucking someone else.
"I was ice cream in the mouth," not boluda, really ???? Nana, these fucking me in bocaaa ?, I thought you ate by hand
Mevoy to sleep no one speaks to me
In elevla square http://t.co/WdKDV88u2U
A husky will Fau ortho
I do not believe in the eternity of fighting, or recipes for happiness ...  http://t.co/RCQwrSqsof
@ BrunoCaetano7 if titi hottie.
Alakadumba Which saw?
http://t.co/jpLMEP1XX0
Like I'll leave the TV turned to that channel
That cute dance all night, mamasaaaaa
We ended the trip
reaching 15 flower
Thankfully not tread gypsy all ended empepadas
Paa md I leave bad vdd
I always casita screen cel never happened anything now shut out of bed and splintered
I told you about ten times in the 15 lol
Sofiaaaa
Yes shame VapaE never ...
EsssssssssoRaviolessvolpe_gonza http://t.co/OwVpe3MkSy
Hahaha, did not want to go the jetn hahaha

If you run in the sleep
It was the best night
Good w knows
Much singing but at six I want to see
Nothing more disgusting than the speed
I'm going?
Campeoon the bag, bag comes Campeoon
Twenty twenty two two, three three
The only healthy that we were there were the Ale Franco and ta think
We're going to grab the bolsooo
Good day
Aggro shell your grandmother
FaaCristopherMary salty. Today there eh lecture on stage
I can not sleep I: _
If I will be nice to send you a message when it was
I'll tell you that I have a new love that makes me good, not like you, does not make me suffer (8) @ ... http://t.co/EzsDNEUEwy
Last bass and I tell mom if I can have breakfast
is lying in bed and misses him, do not stop cabezaaaa
Layers I get up to see a little bit defender Danube
L will never ley you down
At breakfast, but I'll go to my house abuelosss 
There!
It is a story without beginning or end
By shit I woke up this hour
There is nothing cute to pass this short in my neighborhood
Nochon! #amigos #pau #bruPauRapettoBrunitoAlpuin http://t.co/7B3hgjpM3o
I think I'll have to lie down
First I ate more than half and then walked around the world and was a trip ta sleep
I do not care if you win or lose I will always be pearol proudly
100% - Do not forget http://t.co/d60cKaM6IY
This cloth makes me dream crazy !! Today you have to win, you have to grab, one must violate crush today !!!! http://t.co/R3pRe9wwSD
Some people never change ...
Me aburrrrroooo
It is much more classic go to Pando and molt this Busy Danube Defender !!!
#PosCardFrom #Montevideo #Uruguay @ Playa Pocitos - Montevideo, Uruguay http://t.co/SA9Pe9APab
juanbandguy changes jajajaj seat
I said I was not going to drink more alcohol until 2020 and yesterday I took a disaster for the promises.
Dominic ... yuck
5 with the physics that I do not have
I'm speechless
Paaa my home is all I lindooooo tricolor
Baito and studying 
Vamooo Rosssi 
anita_adet_ 
I hate people Soreta
The capi 3 screamers yesterday is in charge!
That geniaa.
I have tremendous desire to see national
Not a sign co *% $ * ~
Paint all afternoon go to the beach 
I broke the screen last night bpm celu 
I throw up if I do not hurt me do not see me mourn
This *
That dicess?
It hurts the ear
Euge hugs me and tells me I'm her & lt; & lt; & lt; & lt; & lt; 33333 cute cuadita
You still sleeping all pests
Waking up this jajajajajajajajaja
Foreign 8.30am and I was not there.
That pedal
No one kiss
Contentasa will eat lol
I won all fours partner do not look bad to your cat well I'll take it
MathiVelazco Jajajajajaj I do not hurt at all, I'm not like you
Zero desire to study
black spray ed yesterday, let Loathing
Mansha mia woman
I still have the needle in the jajajajajajajjaajjaja porcieng
In class there is always someone who panders and tells time
Surely will come tremendous day and I hate partial
#nice #night #lindis #cochu @florchu9711 http://t.co/XH50l7WcwG
alejate 5 meters q hot
All you want told
Bangalore pati ni sofana
Q make me hate hairstyles Princesses those -.-
In the late evening promenade with a black friend that I found out there @ camiamaro58
# Buendia #Domingo #Termas  @ Monte Caseros. Ctes http://t.co/pCCLKJVAnT
I missed a lot
you're my queen I pampered that gave birth to my vida

I do not understand people who have 1000 tweets
a kiss is like my medicine, take me to heaven volarr
Always always
Left full re
Give me five minutes and nothing more, give me five minutes and you will know.
Today I went q buy chocolate and says "the heat will have little or nothing, everywhere say" Suck BUT THIS, BACKING.
Will your walk or the scent of her hair
@ Cristtian1307 Cristu you care ???
Cara, my mother will leave and I will leave Super shot, fashion viro fazer isso agora?
Vamo bags put more egg because this year you have to be first
This old bitch has spoiled me not pass a minimum in the control of the Chinese

Today we take you by the tail bag chupapija
Sunday is #tricolor #Bolsonacionaldecanocom #NACIONAL
People talk and talk
Sooo night lords night teteeematildehoyoaguuslucass
Ta brave the heat
@ Cami20019 Anytime lindaaa
The people in my life eata knows because he does not like? Besitsss
I think I got laburo, approach the car and tell them for $ 5 carry the shopping back into place
Do not bank those people who care only for themselves and the rest suck an egg
...
If not with me is beyond me empty heart air
You came to me and do not suddenly erased from my mind
Lying tranki fourth of raw http://t.co/dgXYuGJgDD
Your lipstick kills more than a pistol 
Dj_Sinoc Revenge is never good 
Hint for nati
That hacerrr No, I think I'll sleep until Begin's classic
It makes me feel worse
Hi @ Gaabriel26 
And you can always be more unhappy I forget the flag at home, laputamadreeeeee
Inside the house is chilly
Whenever I look at the pictures of this mine I remember saying selena dwarf with large cell aajajajajjajajaja
I want too !!!!!!!!!
#partiu #comer
I'll see if we go with gurisas or something
Whoever wins the Classic?
77% #Nacional
# Pearol 23%
ElAgussDelCAP Unknowingly PAPA DANUBE DANUBE YOU KNOW ESTAMO ACA
Following is the my lad stuff that lasts one day ... and people make mistakes ...
I speak nowleti_maartinez
Llegmos finally to meet Rociopaobianco http://t.co/yMcjtItrfP
I did not get up to go to the classic :(
My mother is bad now I can not get either the single corner xq I'll feel bad
Domingueando http://t.co/nnmRjvxhTI
2:58 pm to see the love of my life 
These things are not entitled to happen only once in life know
@onedirection #MyTOURQuestion Is Uruguay included in the tour??
I know everything in this life pasaraaa
Hoy wins national 3-1
I want to go to Pirie
Tomorrow I have to do so much but which already get tired thinking
Impossible to sleep well
I'm so hungry ... no good can I eat my sticks 
Since Friday I'm here, absolute torture
No, your para!
On the birthday of the greatAndresLeiranes with cute bar_vamosuruguay http://t.co/6D0ilwf9Zs
I'm going to bathe and wear T-Bag 
And 53 .....
Hello I amnothingtodream and you're watching Disney channel
Te National Master

I want a pet that is mine, that is not a cat that my sister already has one
Arcadian We are legion and we come to conquer jojojo ....
I'm hungry but do not know
Tony my kid, taan divinooo :))))
That bajon by goddess
Linda late! #BAL #lechones http://t.co/jgLAblD0DG
The other day I salute suarez mine was re good, but who are not 
Here in the home of gabi
Camila woke me and re shit
I'll call the grocer aver if I reached jaaja
To watch the game
As heavy assholes
Unless you got the crazy court Expat
mauro I'm angry a lot, chau.
Today it is my love national national
Let my heart bag!
Im not funny but i wanna win so mudafakin rt #Vote5sos
Manya no existe
 amoooor of my loves !!!
Bag're the passion that has no cure
"SebaSanchezuy" National Post vs Pearol. By @ HDF1090. http://t.co/ef1wIT20uE "
http://t.co/HoRXqCNUSV
Much pelotaso not mg
That is the law of the jump forward while not going to win but the other did not win
I hear the tv transmission that has a birthday, anniversary, name day, saint, celebrating the birth of Scelza # futbolx180

My brother bought the juice and some ice cream sandwiches
cagon the most of all is arismendi, yuck I have it
I already finished the campionatoo: _
Pua, I do not talk to anyone, firm
With Cami Belu and watching classic love bitches
Take pa la joda
Never leave the coal as it leaves the podium
letifcosta I see ... Very well;)
Almost cling to kissing bandit
I want to kill 
Filled with feathers my home. Let PEAROL !!!!
Dad is already suffering
The #futboluruguayo is so bad I can not believe that there is a bladder that threatens these dogs #nacional or # pearol #clasico #murgas
The supporters of pearol are all whores are chickens when they leave empty grandstand champion that queds
It seems crazy playing in a joke, put vamo huevooo
You'll pass if Polenta twice
Classic! http://t.co/5KNqm972Ju
I think the heat is
@ Facundo459 idiot but ta disimulalo lose some!
Dejaria ponele the same box that I put out there 24 Chinese and seba fernandez
We know we will win
Arismendi is so turro
Avisenle chickens who can sing
http://t.co/5UmASozmKr
I get the hat in !!
I was worried about the neighbors, you can q are not seeing the classic
My mother and aunt talking about the novel /
ALREADY ABOUT EVE, AND IS ABOUT CHRISTMAS TO ALL POULTRY, POTATO GIFT 
vamooo pearoooool
Hi
I do not want to pass anything.
What else wimp box ferro your mother's pussy
After pa told me to go home and we would hahahahahaha grido and told me that we threw down a car was wrong .. seriously ... hahaha
I never understood that my family tells me Pilu
Bjijwjw #vote5sos
Ramblaaa http://t.co/8CNjJYiWS3
Bsjdjs #vote5sos
That's Diogo !!
Penaaaaaal nooooooooo!
Cut the fuck was not criminal we strive party
When one crowd cries more than 3 something happens, I Vamo Vamo Vamo Carbone
I suck dick, that was not for a criminal!
bieeeeen 
This is pearol the bitch that bore them !!!
Vamo manya the peludaaa conchaaaaa
Bags fucking, take
Caguenlos to pineapples to salidaa
LOL wimp, ARE IN GOOD ONLY IF WERE LOSING LEAVE
Let me give disgust
A peeled pearol which is full of tattoos have a pint of that fight with everyone
Maca's amazing that so many samples studied mental balance. I applaud you!
Lpm dhwkajhslsmsnkslsjs
You got *
ashicons me a minipack's of Lodovica
I love the Classic peliarlo
From one to love pacheco, tell me, how you got over ebola?
@ SebaDutra99 on
Rojaa
Strawberry ...
Jajajajajajjajaja bye bye bye bye bye I wish you well: *
Macaluso Paaaa sucioooooo red bye to unaaa
It was not for Button's take
Pa tas what that way of saying nonsense
Migloree!!!
It is this nacional
Take, for fucking
Dale Gloves Come and q is removed grosoo
Ing el que Manya
From migliore step, I invite you to fight
Terrible fucking shell of your mother
THIS HAPPINESS COMES BC THEY WILL BE HAPPY BC WE MADE IT AND BC IN YOUR FACES BITCHES #vote5sos
It means you are taking, fucking bag
Tremendous pass and misses
Also no one Ligamo
That player then as dead as migliore want to cut violence if players are not sure ESTW
This is football if miglore wants to fight to go to the ufc clown
GOOOAAAAAAL carajoooo
Goooooooool
ah cluster
Goal pu ta mother
Goooooooooool the putaa that re thousand parioo
Tremendous national handball from!
HAND SHELL ALWAYS STEALING YOUR MOTHER SO YOU WIN DAN ASCO
apronten anus
Alonso goal celebration as if I made hibiese
Revived the swollen national
Noooo
GOOOAAAAAAL Bolsooo nomaaaaa
Peaarol TOMAAAAAAAAAAA
Hahahaha Johan jajajajajajajajajaj covered my mouth
Chinese idoloo
Lpm
National Puto locoo
another classic turning the hdp
You're a bastard Recoba
NATIONAL NOMAAAAAAA !!!! GOOOOOOOOOOOL
SAY NOW?
#D20S
National  my life
Hoarse by the bag & lt; 3
Notable Chinese !!!! National Merit. That magic you Chinaman !!!! Chinooo chinooo
I can not CEER crazy
I read tells me to get National no ma! Haha
It is a hdp this crazy bo
Kisses Chino
That candle Pearol you want to kill
@ Valenti01169971 2-1 to win the national back with a goal of Chinese in the final free throw
I always suspected that Recoba was extraterrestrial ...
Che bag chicken someday be planted
Felizzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz not be asked more! National Great thanks so much joy x 
VictoriaRefatti Nacional numaaa !!!!! Lpm
Gg trail
Because people criticize so much? So much so hurt? Jaaaaaa
2-1.
Paa Best Sunday lejosss
Poor kid fill it and fav rt hahaha
Notice how they are in the table jajajajajajaja
Go to peliar Migliore or anus hurts you
White magic ... Mixed with red and blue
Taborda stay packaging
Retirate Fosati
the banque all, but this is too
2-1 LPM 
Migliore and Macaluso's best pure egg Pearol
Turned Pearol
All I ask is calm and all is done in peace !!! # PearolvsNacional "No to Violence"
The bottle's botellaaaa
The National are all dv !!
Chinese Thank you thank you
This findesemana ends once. 
CLASSICS IS WIN !!!
_Ale_Alvarez Suck my dick you
Do not forget this when they go to the polls on 13/12. Ovacional
http://t.co/1GMMzoKqDZ
Decided your things
@ Lucas_Fagundes7 5 cases of beer n remind you of anything? The drought of titles will end sooner or later, we know the size of the Guild.
I thought he knew
Tony do not die ever idol, thanks for so many
Whenever menoss !!
The greatest pride of life is to be national
PEAROL BE ME CHANGE LIFE
Thanks for making me Fagalde Roberto Ibiete National swells. Vos enjoy it above.
HAHAHAHAHAHA ME ARE A COMPANY REA BDO RECOBA WITH TONY ??? A ajajajajajajaajajajajajajajaja Bueeno good ta this
They say he does not talk to you 5-0 and 6-0 armed flags Lol consistent
Is God the guachooonn
Companies descansamos eee
Me re enoj
desp this fua
matudearaujo stop putting tweets and answer me.
Well I have to go at least with mom
I'll wait to pass my anger to answer the vamo
Tomorrow in high school no one talks to me about 
@ Camibianchi3 word if ONLY Leyva 
This is a national fucking you pario
Swollen, bloated no one, that crowd of manya her ass all
Impressive as they have the ability to sell both smoke 
As wine is gone, bye fossati
And on and on ...
@ Mariumariu40 bag is said 6allina
I made less
If you're the putoooo bolsooo queresss matarrrr
How cute is the kid fuuubol [][]
ConiLindi_ Tomorrow if I see you I give
Dale grammar
Do not talk so loud that the coast is clear, ay varea Jajaajaja breast
I'm not chamullero, not you say the same thing I said to Thee
Listless
The madreeeee fucking cute it is to be National !!!!!!!!!!!!!
Great place #post #noche #picada #cena #Thelma @ Thelma Montevideo http://t.co/Pjx7Ih1lai
Knocker crap thanks for the joke
I wish to throw fo55ati
They want mataaar http://t.co/qm8qVHniqm
Hahahaha ami I always use taxi

Augustine Lend your drawing folder
Well daleeee
I prefer pacheco qe aguirre, dt terrible but my idol is my idol
Like I have no girlfriend lol he erred gringixxx
Hahaha are so bitter that your idol is manya hahahaha shame become National
I went q q I do everything taluego
But may not be good Puaaaaa http://t.co/TtWy6nnisW
I am then atomizing ..
Bol5o Zorro
@ Silva14RomiAgussSilvaa in las extra 
Today I asked my mom for a valde walked in jajajajajajaja truck and you tell me what you think hahaha
"@Protect_Wldlife: "The Lion King" - a stunning image of a #Lion at sunset. http://t.co/d4beHRaDQp"
Chinese giant're not only but also humble. Those are the idols. No other sobradores masks.
negraaaa
I'm so tired
Da pajera, starts from here
It's not who you are but who you are
And there are others who do not become friends but appreciate stack
And half of those / these fans do not know when your little picture was founded!
Papa woke me up to tell me, as it should have screamed non frameworks goals? Hahaha
Two days ago I do not see Mom and gaston
@ Nico7Correa hahaha, but come on, is in the national
I'm going to record a goal of Chinese slip and the passion now
Sometimes I write him talk to me that the "need" and not ball
Love like you smiled, I love the rest of my life
Ball over or give me
A cry of fat goal manyas and was on the Olympic blacks wanted to eat her out jajaj police
Besides I was never anyone but you boyfriend ??
Or not I send pictures of anything
I do not get messages to the cell, that is, not running
if you spit up in the face it will caerrr
Finish reading The Divine Comedy, making you pa id esp
@Harry_Styles you're lovely
If alguen understands me talk to the wpp or fb because I do not understand
mg not be on fb haha
The 11 is the birthday of the teacher dieguito jajajajajajajajajajq
Second chances do not exist for me
Me re quemeeee ya
asi asi bridge bridge bridge bridge position
Pretty
I'm going to bathe
Tomorrow is the last day! 
They see denuevo goals made me tear up as always ... The best thing in my life is being a fan of country!
Ay divine Plato: 3
I care if now shutdowns or holidays if I am to fart #Vacaciones
That photo! Divine!
ZitaColorada My god and claim to be a world first !!!
 http://t.co/ZRP3ZqRkeH
@ DieRey10 told you, you're sensitive ..
You know nothing about me, but I bet you want
You do the eehhBeluuBorges RAT !!
To sleep, crazy dreams, tiredness re: / That day tomorrow -.-
It is very funny lol
Divine Felipeeeee
MaaxiTM Tell me I have to bo md
Bengoechea has a contract in Peru to America's Cup, but there eleccciones in the Federation if the current president still could not go
Less para ti
Chist Jajajajjajajajajajjaj that shit
Hs 23 Youth Parliament is still working! Delivery is certifiedMEducacionSalta http://t.co/DHal6DDOdl
They are all married lately
http://t.co/1RPPyzPzNQ
Anyone want hablarrr?
Sunday terrible truth speechless!
SebaTemer Not, you found it! Hahahaha I almost cried lpm
I'll stop talking. Bsbsbs
I'll see if sanchez playing rivee
@Fabricitoooo Dale
This Friday and Saturday take a tour of Alcohol
ETERNAL Fatherhood
"I feel I need to change, just do not know where to start."
Gomezov Toto in defense of PPA. Close and go
How nice to get up at 9 am 
Whether you speak noe
Tan Travel neighbors
"When polonium let it be"
What luck that ended Tuesday
I want to see !!!!!!!!!
CazesMercedes Does nothing professionally. It is free.
@LanaParrilla Could you tell me your five favorite numbers?
AgustinRoselli_ Exercising http://t.co/MpTVTFi2pW
And I do not have hoyyyyyyy
I sent a group audio touching you and Lucia had it with that shit if misplaced comment, whore, cocksucker calabria ..
Well we started with mari lol
I also sawmywarriorbieber against elloss but since eraa. The important thing is to think that justin know that we strive porhacerns note
I tip my hat to the Chinese, but I'd rather have the tony before him, the tony kisses just a shield.
Both obaaaaaa !!!
As would be for you to tell me no? Salty
I was lollipop in brown palette today in my birthday and now her hahaha
I think my brother nahuel seems that the
_GabyGonzaalez Morning I talk to dale fb?
I mean because I'm talking about?
People no longer knows q with q ... they set out to read history books. Q Do not know and do ... cry cry .. pobreeeeeeeeeeeeeeee
That naive women we always missing and thinking about whom we do not appreciate
I was turned off the phone when I needed it, the fucking
And you, you're talking about? I dont care if I'm wrong? I'm not your idiot friend
Miraaaaalo quericaaaa it
Still do not understand what happened, how it was that changed my life
To my disgust the smell of cigar
@josefinaviaa contstame a wpp
Today at the beach .e key as 100 bones in the foot: ((now it hurts and I picaaa lpm
Woman secuestrame 
Lol @ Christiannnn100 seguis tousled bancamos galli but that scare the Today I remain muted the puterdam
VivimarcomisolEstelaCassinelijuanadelbarco @ Grana2t @ alesitalop222landostellaLTaladriz Sweet dreams DTB http://t.co/kA8eTrkX66
ClubNacionaldefutbol,clubnacionaldf is now a trend in Uruguay http://t.co/C0Ir6ACL67
"Coincidence is God uses the guise q Xa remain anonymous"
http://t.co/uSKxTYLyZY
Between this and the fucking betto I am tempted
liver recess for you
Obvious are all eating less 
I want to sleep and I can not
I'll send emi and make cleaning twitter
@ Bambu508 I nomas, because I'm a princess
I do not care that it's Sunday, all I have no classes
Howvivicanosaok not, if you only know you're there I draw a smile on his face.Always with you unconditionally.You Amo
That desire to come back and stay
davidbisbalvale_mog that well ok, I'm glad you touched q meet;)
"DiceTheBeatles:" I love to smile and when it's for me "."
Hahahaha that I send to my mother
Tomorrow ordain the fourth
This weekend I realized that being single is buenoo
Va "as amigas"
@ Eltino22 and wipe that dirty mouth I had milk!
Now consider a little
No tango drawing the remainder of the year
ed ridiculous ill are now q lack of post this bobo
I'll sleep long day tomorrow bye
Hablenmeen not do cute
Bone yesterday!
I stop pirar

The other day I told fabi I had to say something and never told me seems
I am santitaa
Jajajajajajjajja crazy recordings are deadly
Nnooo. Saturday I'm in florida
sleep long day tomorrow
Do not hesitate ~ 
That night after the record was failed my paper ready
Jajajaj if mine always well
ThatTomiiTomasssss good example
Paaa all premieres in November
#LaOdiseaDelGringoParaVolverACasa se acab! (@ The Fortress of Solitude in Montevideo) https://t.co/Jta4sUjOZ1
That gives me this mine disgusting, yuck, dog face distorts and is sueltita shit.
And then I met Luana is a good person and re re bonitaa
Nico bjale to 
I have to take me 45 photos to look good 1
Que bad 
I have to sleep in the kitchen that mom made me re the air and told me that I was going to buy another
In South Korea it is forbidden to study after 10 pm hahaha
Know I'm going to sleep
It's amazing how stupid I can be talking to Melanie, I'm surprised more of my daily
I'm super hysterical, yuck
Catharsis.
Hi Ili @ ilianacalabro1 you want, send me a few words of support'm suffering along with a amigazaromiidasilvaok my love 
Wtf? I do not want to share boyfriend mg
Enzo apurale to the peliculaa
I miss mica and beri
That desire to mother Fuck Slut
Me?
Fucking bitchLanoguee
SOS MY LIFE AND I MISS muchooo http://t.co/hSPDzkj8uP
"metavino: Do not be so tired of assholes?"
The fifo sack us running haha
She's cute but dangerous ououou
Good night 
Well I think you created .. (Many doubts)
But who knows if she does not feel
Buenisimo
And I'm the only woman, hello all
Cafesito and seguirrrrrr
I feel used .. one asquete
Uh hblame
MONTH
Gallitooooooo No es my jajajajaaj
Re'm concerned firm
Now I want a Saturday: |
#lindoes atomizar
And the other 7 are in tw Michele
I can not sleep 
Jajaaj guille came home, Flower said come get me, pobreee
Tomorrow I have a test event Lyceum, flag escort who sees me lol
We clarify the puntosss
@ JU4NNP0 If it's for me, I give all inadvertently fav: D
I have to do the music and history and geo 
Need a vacation YA
I'm intoxicated with that know
From 5.30 am studying, I'm going to bathe bye
@ Juano500MonicaBelandoOKAlejandraDiano @ 13cvc13gabpol muy Buenos days Juano Saludos a la Barra http://t.co/285eIj1tYm
I'm re tired
Ah will
I'll go later today
until the sun today eeh not seen until the sun today I donot morning
Carita WITH HATE MY LIFE IS 
I'll get to third and was
"@ 3011_svensson:vanniaegan is cold to swim here in Japan, hehe :) Enjoy swimming." Haha! They will make 24  C nothing here!
NoeeRodriguezzz Vaaapai fat, aaay I have to tell you much :(
One Direction - 18 (Official Audio): http://t.co/zLw6LiL80w @PeqTrebolFeliz  #1D #EdSheeran #18
We arrived at the terminaaaaal
God Level
I'm going to utu just to play this tremendous fubol against Lyceum
Good Morning! #Arquitecto White shirt, beautiful. Rico perfume. I died for love
YyyValentinaaDutra you do like, "Oh I love these animals"
At this time you do spam and it is best because no one is connected and you sentis not God AHRE
Ty doing good student sheets as I am
The Paysse are studying and doing this with Cell
On Saturday the classic motivates much
I did jjajjajajajajajaaja
I miss a role 
Maybe there good morning so it is the same :(
Another blonde taradaaaaaa
I do not want to raise
Turra becomes black and tremendous cheta, diu
Talk 097,272,077
OH MY GOD THE TRAIN!!!!!!!!!! http://t.co/pqDiWi4kD5
Aaaaaaaay is very cute James by snapchaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaatJames_Yammouni
Broadband silly, I know tha ta order ... untie the hard way and tie me !!!
I'm hungry
Did you know that you're the most beautiful in the world nigga? Che to me! jasonderulo http://t.co/v7EDyBlV5S
La1 and go out at 2 am gim
Paaaaa atendeme gil 
Cost celular de pija
Entering Class
And back to Argentina.
is re dick this because I get up and I have nothing to complain
Don't hate the player, hate the game
You got me mad and confused I want you in my world
Kind of shit, un embole this.
New #tatoo always with me! http://t.co/gIPl5JQOlO
Vino my idiot seconded to break egg
MaaruVaazquez Paraaaa the Subway had to rest not jjajajajajaja
grazianopascalemister__lemonONVentura @ asabu69 it was not just the government was social concern and believe the country 30 years ahead
If these Mongolian still screaming fit them do not bank Pine anyone
Piece of trola
On Thursday if I go, I'll be re lost with the book, I will not understand anything of what will be happening
Yyyy ended with partial !!!! Total bliss !!
Who makes me a massage? Jajaj
Full Battery, camping has been said
CHAU MATEMATICAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA
Almost leaves me without eye sucks dick
I will melt your brain ..
@ 2colores1pasion Jajajajajaja Nacho disappeared when you're aguatero bufarrn?
Masdiu http://t.co/0iC6hfwIo0
I woke up in a good mood today 
@ RomiGut2 looking for? Q Now hold! photos with divine makeup then washed with scary face. It had been located before fox
How many nights do not viii
Metete topics in the old ass chotaa
I have no eyes for anyone just for you.
We went out to work with the old http://t.co/zwUL2mY2Ic
sulking and some people speak well and others speak for the ortho
Tell me that this relationship is fuck
Who believed sos, who will juna?
I do not understand why they come to me at 11 the doctor if the doctor falls to 12. Linings.
From tempra nomas
I do not want to go to English today that masita
The train runs only one vezzz
Aburri
By looking in disgust at the blonde
Re stayed glued jajajaaaaa
I have a terrible sueoo
Hahahaha but as abounded that smell
If we do not ten minutes after outing
Holaa
Do not give more
Toy d back door jajaj
Come Dimee
I need these coupled as we did in vacation kiki and company
She just sang and did not say nor its ename (8
@ Carosavelli19 uh and now ???
In gere this in my rt tw and all lol
I hate studying
Summer 
Winter: 
Not to do later today
It rains a great time
Just ... One always 
Now if it is not saved nor cure with bats
Today I will spend lying
My father is the juice
Poor Pereyro, is a major asshole ..
Leo and I put what I want to mourn, I have too much reason
How nice it is to see writing on the cel and not to me;)
That frioooo
SophieLibsc To you too negraa
marr_sosa vapai
no longer more nor what to say or what you think
try to forget and erase you from my mind
The car my sister haha http://t.co/N7qLT3ncg0
Fletcher says poor ..... crazy shit that you talk to me about the 
Lately you're re crazy, but every day I like maaaas
Profee gives the note of the evidence and not jodaaa
Son de amores, loves that kill
readergodess boludaaaa, hello
O llevala you.
Rochagustavooo Jajajajajajaja salty !!
Nose Bone who you are, you're going to talk shit?
I have the best wedge World
The Pena put me demenos
I imported unless a copy of itself, because for me it is the most
nas desire to mourn
Because that fav?
The next night I go this year off
Talk 1410 AM the man who escaped from Pearol this semester, Luis Aguiar, and no club.
#Church #Jacksonville #CCJ @ Centro de Capacitacin Jacksonville http://t.co/5KMpFCpP1p
Pa is re ugly and gave me cold
Wednesday without doubt the best 

That rik
you if you see her tell her I'm looking for
Cuantaas indirectaaas
Ando re quemaditaaaaa
Tggggemendoo ogggtoo
Hahahaha the mikita attacked me not upload a picture of it 
MicuMartii Crazy ta
These kids are re turros
I hope I'm gone well in philosophy
I do not want to do anything che
Make *
I'm at Agesic in Montevideo https://t.co/qaB80Baemu
A light wind had
Hahahaha if I done lol
Mininaaaaaa arrived, she raises my mood
Loco smoked in silence no one cares about your florets and fasitos.
Had to do that ???? Pqpqpqq pqqqqq
I'm going to kill
If you said is not no
Pa q you crawl and you get glue on the floor?
Rodrigo wants to give you poor Diaz ... ES MIO
santo domingo Spain Costa Rica and Panama all mad international full
Ta leave bo not help me with the topic Cable
I grabbed the water
Whether it was.
Until Saturday
Hahahaha by hernan!
No nos va dar.
Seriously
AgusEsteche Jajajajajajajajajjajajajajajjajaa May tinted
OPetinatti Petyyy very good notaaa ..
A two exams I'm the bitch I pario me
Hold the bag 
Can anyone explain me in one day as the weather changes constantly heat to cold? NOVEMBER November is crazy !!!!
Matias throws kisses to my sister since the fourth jajajajajaj
Heat chupaverga
Me you can explain why they got right in my window? Break Ball
I tell pa never come podess
He plays a lot girlfriend
Partial Chau. It was another cycle. Almost degree that nonsense as time passes!
If it is important, say it with hugs. "
I never thought I was good at philosophy
I ask for help haha
Holi
Youve disappointed me, Cassie u-u
Titideamaral Aki nomas seriously
And then I'm not talking and nail seen, of course ...
mimosa
Roco I da.miedo me
I want to do something but nobody
I'll put music
Sorry if I break this time as casual
Every day online and takes 3 days to respond #AlgoNoCuadra
Never forget that my dick you'll never OLVIDARRRR
Eating ice cream, go to sleep and wake up and have massages. I SHOULD HAVE DONE SOMETHING GOOD
Franco asked me if I pluck eyebrows, ok lol
I approved physical thing I will not review lindaaaaa
@ DiazCamila07 I miss you ... so or lighter?
@ Aferres13Emi_Suarez_ ever lol
I want to see camila
Has two years and listen to Ariana, which genius
Justito get home and it started to rain
He goes to the bus hands
Require love and throw shit
Maaaaal
Andre is a very good friend, and I can not speak more with her for a problem
She was the one who wanted to be friends so here
I have to do the sheet of drawing, traveling
Here as Manzi jajaj 
Sucks tw
Then it safe and stay free
I wish I was napping tell me, was laburando daring !! hahaha
As is seeing
And although little has moments of glory, is a story that deserves to be told
MarcsTomasiTeffiCardozo I dared. .
AsdBeto WPP Adria KND arreglamos
The beauty of the night and the stars, is that your face dwells in all ...
Speak to black Andy and does not speak more National
Nnn
Today officially ended classes: 3
Who is she? http://t.co/iSoaLzOnYf
I want to go to mc donald s
I got hungry apart
I love to fight gentee
@carlosbolso32 voyyy
Drugs Brazilian told me cs
@b_righton Yep! I mean,for me it's ok friend(: but let me tell the others!. I'm sure they will agree too but i will tell them just in case..
there should be shampoo to lift people out of head
Already bought food with Tami and Meli raw stayed in the house
I have to study chemistry
"ValeeIrazoqui: I speak good and bad matate answer me." 
We will not any of the 3 ajjajaja
Dale dale
Remove the lock coloradaaaaa 
I know you've been you said the culprit ...
Nose why but I'm a little bad humorrr!
Do not rest dksjdjfjjajgnsnjsjfja
I leave silly for her
I want to go but I re straw
That smell is in Aleppo stop CMNO that ascooooo
I am but studying
Will gather and go get around 
When I was finished battery cel I do something for my life

micaformento jajajajjajjaja if I also ...
Quedo jet my iPhone http://t.co/UW3szHjLBd
Because in heaven there is no beer and wine
and you fijate, if you have the rosy heels ... !!!!
There are people who have a peanut head
I'm bored ayyyyy
Whoever wants to can and you were not willing
Poor fools
#TeVasACagar
Do not worry more (8
I dreamed emi lol
I made chicken and rabbit lucas nahue
I swear and I love pss! Ah that
I'm hungry
It breaks the balls to pull the gate! Pa crazy ta ... anda single her out whenever -.-
Shdjeakdjcananajcnsjsjcnsjsjc
I am particularly Uy today bida bitch, I'm going to bathe
Today this araca in the theater, this pa go
PaulaBrugueraok Estoyyyy
I can not be the tomorrow you will remember (8
That boring estoyyyy
qesteeselshowok for me would have gone to phone the cassano and fidalgo are xq insoportabled
LoanaLluberas Happened ??
They are six years but at least he's right
Here in ele particularly profe
I'm going to jump and take me from +1 to to2
Same strove to make cute letter 
that creep Jajajajajaja
http://t.co/9sOvFOQO7a
I went to bathe and go to katty
Well your sin Rrrrre
Today he greeted me, we talked and I kind re excited lol
In the July 9 I go with the fear of not seeing anymore
CaamiGutiierrez Jajajajajajjajajajjjajajjaa
Pa got me to shave
lying with my teddy eating chocolate and listening to music, feeling low you say?
And grace?
that nap send me ptm
I have so much to tell you not reach me one day
And I do all fucking san Valentn..son
I get bad for people who are not worth me frustrated
How odd to say the Cazorla is graduated
Good Maaaaaaaaas
@ PanizzaF16 and cold beer at the beach listening to The Plough
donot who they were that today was in the tank, but ran their faces
No loose cell throughout the day, and I wonder this
Saturday is my day spalo
That ricaaa back on the court, God willing
I'll watch an episode of Hannibal to recover energy
Look who I appeared Bueeeno
No you had so mj
You come into fashion Bastille and kill me, then yes.
Mama burns because I puteo much
I have to dye traveling
I can no more live another day away from you 
I hate to see good people mines re bad for a kid q worthless #Bronca
BENJAMIN HAYES GRIER 
Follow me please
I love you 
@HayesGrier 
#followmeHayes 27
Chau study Lyceum bye, bye routine, bye ass face teachers and the unwillingness of the ascriptas
I told him the nipples
@ Tai_199 kidney infection, fever, sore throat, flu, like vomiting, low blood pressure, finally I am about to expire jajajajajajaja
He met the love I was like or
That girl got me my bad
What I rush to my cell now? This crazy good
Stop and competition is coming! Worst
Cutest picture that !! jajajajaajaja
Ay pretty things
I want to ride a bike
@ Flooopi26 hablame stash
It's Thursday morning and qir ricaaa
YouTiaPini convido with a triple gingerbread caramel far http://t.co/3bdKU2Tcdg
Don't forget me, I beg
The *
As I said I love you to my tells everyone?
Mom's twice that speaks to me in math tutor
I hate that these cell porongas keys are so young
@ Portbreak1 Welcome! Glad I speak Spanish! I can hardly communicate in English, but I try, Jaja
It is the love of my life
I am obvuo Ori
Failed
In 16 minutes we "Time of basketball" bybasketuniversal. .Liga, DTA ... and what to order.
Girls lol
I am white and brown straight hair slowly
Lanus and misses Merlo jajajaj
Lucila hit me the "mentiraa noo"
@ 11gonzapb jajajaajaajjaajaja amooo you
Aca taking a few mates with breast: ')
Joy does not have anything
More tender
I have to eat less
We will always be fugitives the dossss
Whenever I fall to the state of Agustina in wpp
Cheeeee get home and I can not be at peace
I'll have to change, because I as always, everything I'm doing poorly, yes.
I hate with all my heart, can not be with my cousin bo.
I imagine a world where we smile because we have a line of battery ... That means we are closer to being human.
I am: I do not know, do not understand a damn!
#River
Lately all my tw are to her
Vente pa 'ere not leave me alone
"Why are you so asdasdasda" what? Mental retardation detected. The bitch that bore you
Formally met my mother shame jajajajajaa 99.9
@ Vikivazquez5 what happened?
That horrible, I think I was in my godparents, pa big bed as a pasture
Nose do more 10:30
Vamostar that?
@ Costa_Natalia28 I wonder, I'm coming over there, pal 'depa
loveDandG JAJAJAJJAJAJAJAJAJAJAJAJAJAJJAJA 
The whole day lying that linnnndo
Agustiiinnaa Logarithms is the only thing more or less TA .... THANK YOU DONT GIVE ME LOVE YOU MORE TO LIFE !!!!!!
Clean Slate
I say we go again and I put "Hello I am sebastian and I'm 16" hahaha
In the emergency are listening sdlc BECAUSE WITH EEEL AAAAAA
Pa bondi the kid was very cute
By eating the richest food ... my mom
Pulls shit like crazy, head makes fart boot
The three marias have this on face
Q send the best message in my life http://t.co/apFl9YtHnd
VikiEstevez Course !! As I was baby ???
At that such erburo  Cami
With 9 in philosophy
herniiacosta already knew lol
Q I have put music to iphone
It was pa be jumping for joy but not 
SOUND OF DISTRICT
Elagusatrteaga Jajajjaj but not pa vs
I'll sleep gave me dream
when the radiologist arrives bo? :(
That sueooooo 
AylenCorbisieroholasosmiperro Dresses like lol and here is the life of a student and you?
We will meet seven months and I in Argentina that pi
Hungry hungry hungry ...
Somebody shake something favorrrrr !!
But I have to choose which one I want
It would have been perfect if it had revived today
Mama is a rat I want to get the shell wound to live after suffering
But they are re unbearable at times
What type of music do you like? @BrentRivera #AskBrent
Because Martina is as goddess
@FiorellaCaetano @Luuuher sabelotialo
That has low self-esteem people if you do not want to pretend q q neighbor wants you to verrrr
Dale asshole, you become divine and do not know about. Bitch

one night hugged me, kiss you and not sleep or suffer more
Who you are
lodocomello love PODES please follow me? It's something I've been waiting a while longer and would be more than a dream I Love You cumplido x78
Vamo to dance bachata
Dry
I keep updating tw, disgusting
Nose or to enter fb, nor wanted to see that picture
I'll see Fran by video
That reminded me that if mom finds out I'm weighing 48 the stay
What I hate living like no name.
@NiallOfficial if you have a great voice (of course) follow me
Let me not see md hooker pario you
Romina not see the tw devote her 
Pancha
To you if you do not bank
Days I feel good days I feel bad.
LPM, unbeaten in 31 matches was lost and could not reach 40 to beat Racing q is 39 unbeaten in history
"@DevillFlames: "And in that moment, I loved him." http://t.co/2sBB9tc3yY"
I feel terrible cook when I cook dinner 
JAJAJAJAJA
El amorrrrr  http://t.co/hts904LhaD
Today I am pigeon pigeon
I thought it was going to be rarer tell, I came just burned
Good thing is
Tomorrow if or if I have to do physical work
 #BuenasNoches  http://t.co/5NDiYVXlsQ
I am all day with literal hunger
YOUR there is none like
Hahaha luck stack compa 
If I 
23.23
Jugas come and you go without saying goodbye albeit ..
I missed that we speak as antess
whiskey ... hmmmm ... q there today? We left?
Vicki're so cute in the photos come out well #Hdp #sorpresas
sebaschweinstei not correct me
We are all crazy.
That bitch is the shell of the Lora
A brothel district
23:32
What can I get you?
A drink.
-Ron?
Harry?
My God, what a surprise!
'How do waiter!
I got here by magic JAJAJAJAJA. "
And Constance did not answer ...
Lots sincerity for my taste
Sober, insurance, and height arguments ... Excellentdipjgarcia in TNU !!!
Where are those two jajajajajajajajja blouses am a disordered
Carola
Your stalkeame tranqui
Thing I hate is dry my peloo
Ioqc
Frightening to think that self-esteem is dependent on others not?
Eres my, my, miaaaa
Pancha
"If you knew someone like you, would you trust her?"
Got 13 years !!! Boludaaa
Do not lie more to the people, say where you are leaving the budget Silver workers
Change the subject yaaaaaaaaa
@ Tochi_02 I tambiennnnn, leave and never
whom you talk to him?
Hahaha minced bridge to the diego, best jaj
Peter #PRIMERAVUELTA "questioned how" and question Amado future leadership .... ??
I miss my boyfriend, go to know what time bounce back sixths
Well, I wear anti
I have way too backache
A
Because it does not connect?
Jump back to after a hard day !!! 
I'm not the only one I see is wrong
Your smile can change my life. http://t.co/5LPMm0i1N2
That I do not I walk with crazy vueltass
Jajajajajajajajajajajajajajajajajajajajajajajajajajajajajaja and if I do the sheets?
Temptations Temptations, divine temptations
JuliLlambi Do not eat no love lol
The things I do for this baby
Corte dog haha
It makes me burn re talking to the grandmother wsp me grr spikes seen -.-
I verano
are throwing bombs
Sleeping angry I will cause wrinkles at a young age
If you knew what this game do to you
Rubio divine dyeing
Neither I remember having spoken English Agustina hahaha, that pasabaaaaa me
That foals God !!!
I go to sleep
And the months pass and I need your warmth
Yuck give me spiders
There was cake
Feeling and passion
Luckily I moved this wpp
My universe lpm hahaha
you talk to me or not?
Tomorrow is Thursday 
So expensive  http://t.co/lDeh1DgWmQ
When Nybia makes me examples with people always puts me to Nacho
We take it seriously and it will be very good
Tirame a 'Eu miss you "out of nowhere and you violated.
That false
80% of the conver are seen in the
Are Karaoke in the Quijote jajajajajaj not give more than tempted
Q larva my little brother jajajajajajajajaajajajaja
GoloRocca Congratulations kid, to follow
I can sleep traaaaanquilita, you can say the same?
Fachitas Bar is because I'm dresses
The fucking knows not put this music
I took from my collection of my smiles, the best
He went to the re Fuck this photo
Jajajaj may not be well
And too late I realized that I ought not to love (8
@onedirection good bay i love you no se que decir,  Follow Me :))) pls
It's like math
:'(
Now tell me famous as the charango and I have to cachotear when I see it
A while ago I lost the brush
I'm on vacation? Ah I do not care I'm on vacation
And then ask pa utu pass
I will miss the chicass of the final class :(
- LOOK AT ME WHEN I CAN SPEAK !!!
- I'm eyed the shell of your mother!
Contemplating going as time passes
Your oite Dad
Jajajaj not went wrong in that picture jaj 
I found this wheel of fast food that has more than 15 years. That budget was eating at the time. The heck http://t.co/wiuxbyEZGg
Exactly !! 
"Has poor messy face" a thousand times I heard that audio jajajajaj q bitch
This audio singing the two JAJAJAJAJA
Interesting
camimorales___ jjajaajaaj saw that is good not jjajajaja until tomorrow
I went to sleep, #TwOff
I have all the busy weekend, there's no way I get bored wiii
But not in glass
I'm so tender with my friends until the day of hoyyy
For me there is prettier woman and she not only has beauty on the outside. She is an angel, the amoooo!  http://t.co/dMkXs4MAJc
I went to sleep
Comes this time and I nc to do, my head makes me crazy.
Return to Argentina please !!!
Simuu
I quieo the play 4 no bread worth
Lately if I say something I mean, I did not fall
My wpp has spider web JAJAJ
AAA aaaaaaaa tatuaje todo aaaaaaaaaaa culotatuadoconkkaaAaaaaaa #omg
"I see you everywhere," he told me and saw me there is nothing more
Come and kiss me like nobody you've kissed
Ay q becomes the most divine this moron
I do not even use Facebook firm
Paa tomorrow I have to go to the sanfraa
Tomorrow has to be tremendous day!
I think I'm going but I do not get up in 5 hours or pe
Caramba with Sagittarius!
As a dance is Saturday
Secret that keeps the moon that are already mujerrrr
Would be good to put the tweets with serious audio betaaaa .. !!!
http://t.co/Su6nuYeMm4
Ta gurisas, let me
cosculluelucia uuuuuuuu :( can not sabadooo lpm
Go re cagar, #TwOff.
Toy alone more than 1 lpm
Sofi knows haha, think like me haha
And so sad at the same time
Hopefully paint
SeCnecto ElMarkitoo http://t.co/znu45V0rVG
Neither was for me but if equal
Haaaaaaaa #tranqueee #vos # is # that #te #pasa
Among the instagram and had a video and rip me shit all
Tomorrow I will if I get to test English or not
Buenaa, where you come turnip?
Playa beach
I'll Ta
@ShamilaTegaldo 
Do you want me to lose as amigoo
We fought over who publishes jajjajajaja
I try to say no but my heart says yes
Micaelaass
you look so fantastic, very authentic
@ Dv2112 was not raining nothing
#SumaSi Is fun
I'll sleep creeeo
Is anyone ????
Holiss
The dick I'm going to class, I re going to go out there !!!!
No review the script .. this is being taken asshole or faith.
CarlitosLTRMP Jajajajajajaj dewcanza
I'LL SAY I'M FINE
that beautiful morning
Or can I write you to mp
I think I'll only partial because I have like 40 tickets and have to spend. It's more that I'm singing LIBREEEEEEE
I want to talk to the
Q I hate to break this firm cock hour
I did not sleep nadita
Oh my god
Paul stalkeo me pictures
It was coming to third only drawing, but my father woke me at 6:30
It breaks my head in 500 pieces
Marcos Guigou, Alexis Gonzalez and Panchi Haedo sharing knowledge on canola ADP http://t.co/rUkZTqhAvf

I'm in the most cock bondi world
I'll give my head against the wall until I fall asleep or I fainted 
the weekend will not come off, I have to have my brother in house
I stand here alone -.- re ensima Ahy a noise that drives me nuts.
"Gonchimarsico: I hate when alfonsina is serious and raises an eyebrow single" 
Sometimes I am re Chinese firm
It hurts to see how you hunt pint in the face and still confirm the cuentito ate lol 
and the funniest thing is that there is no where left jojo
I am lu and I durle mouth
Nossss**
AEE fueeee tercero
Because it is equal to mine
Fuck for burrro
Now I'm having breakfast
I do not partial storey lyceum, I hope the math have mercy on my
They slept well Guries ?? N & amp; V 4ever: 3
They sleep together http://t.co/WlTTwYx2Jf
Let Uruguay today! #JuegaLaCeleste
What bizarre
That the speaking nerves. In fact two days missing ??
Holaaa.
Above me was like the ass
Jajajjajajaja love love
We went to sunbathe
In English
buenaaaaaaaa victory chocolates for all
If the fart that I will change the profile picture of eva
That rich I'm on vacation 
playing fifa 15
A Marian gets paid confirmed
Must have opened the wsp and fell asleep lol denuevo osita
LaraaDecuadra Woke me in a good mood only 
Stolen from the canteen
Sabbath as you get Wishing & lt; 3
LuanaAlmiron PODES buy it Redpagos believe, not Abitab
As it is not noticed as I point out ... dissimulation plis
Conclusion: I'm a big
I am god
NBartora Have no idea but I think Redpagos and estaa
Malaa well Malaa and want to give to ganassss
What I have to do what I want and what I do well
PueNoticias For vandals murderers, that they drop the CARETA, DH is an acronym k use it, travel bla blah, thank you !! I do not hide in the tw
And was
this re chilly, fortunately today evening will see some films
And do not take me any: ')
Ta went to study a this, after I return. Bsbsbsbsbs
I break 3 uas en gym
Thanks for waiting ...........
Part of gloves will bend back
Listen to the audio and forgot to reply
I have to do many things for partial, I will die.
# Movimiento2809 http://t.co/Pt82PqcWzx
Watch it watch it watch it like this, this hard as a tree and will not come down
The poronga
But you got WAPP? or if you got one Golon
@ Vegetta777 that face is repeating a lot in ultimamante series xD
Julia said atomized with tw
Take me to a place,

with parlantes.- 
When you finish this week I'll touch bed until December I will continue sleeping
The LET US mime July pa
Che as q morning explodes all
I need to go get some results
Juliet takes a year
Amo mi backpack Love Cellular mo, love mi love mi vida sofa
Sasi goddess
11.11 gimena not appear
Laying the gurices snore
I've noticed that the Uruguayan generally is perverse that need to kill a chiquilina 15 years? ASCO
Who wants this. Birthday Cake
Nanna
How short ficticcio
Mamma amoo
Not like me that tomorrow is the last day of school
I kill those who sacab 10 or 11 and dying because they did not release 12
I finally got
I do best oral, written not there
Congratulations to the winners of the shirts that were raffled at the Kermesse.
The teacher of history saved my head firmee
I want to go
Applause for those who are set on personality rather than physical.
And I'm here, drawn by life 
Unknowingly gave me everything, even a reason to forget.
CAGO HUNGER ME THAT WHORE gave birth to all
@ 1516Sofia ajajajajajajaajajjajaaajjajaj YO13 we abuse
@ NoemiTo91674535 happened babe you got to talk to me?
I want my greyyyy
Accounting 8 !!!!!! Another menosssss, follow pirando
Fa Putie much ayerrrr
Pa qe me think long and 11 in the part, I thought I was going to go wrong haha lol
javielzurdo jajja if you use it pocket ....: P
V_Cabralp Good :))
The bondi smells like vanilla
I'm going to Rivera boy
I'll ask the teacher to go bathroom and I'll ring the bell again when I think lol
I feel bad sign re
@ GuilleBlanco2 no, no one jajajaj
malepichot Ajjjajjajajaaj I'd noticed but did not say anything.
It's all a matter this still leaves
With me chicken  http://t.co/howb0s2poi
I've posted a photo @ Destino La Paloma http://t.co/rLqGLNZLYZ
I get up and do not live in that day tasloco
Yesterday I learned something new, vapai
Micaaa, Ayer erro a goal from serquita A goal and started yelling soraya can not miss these goals jajajajaa
A bue would say the sql
@ Susy_gala1 Hi Susy. Happy day. Kisses
Hahaha I know that poor little dog
"CaquitaWhatsap: If the smiling poop Whatsapp is able to be happy, why do not you?"
Jajaj toy waiting to tell me something
Just step noo
I want mom to come
Chiara vamos !!!!!! Jaja
#LigaMayor #Campana #River Saturday 18: 00hs Camaiti arbitra Abel Tomasino
It was in vain if so
My sister when you fight with boyfriend listens karina Jajajajajaja
@ Camii_696 nati Moaning
 http://t.co/ox7YWqco9f
That's good firm envious
Always leave the messenger as connected nomas and go lol
I hate change groups throughout the years because when you get used to change
Matiu the pegaa has Fraan
Cecilia says qur my dogs biola neighbor and why cry jajajajajajJahaJjajaajajajajaajajaj
That face mad, Csi never will take to get over Eugenia entendelo
#WatchHoldItAgainstMe on #Vevo A reproducir BArmys 
At some point I will have to accept that did not work, that you will go over and never to return.
You can never be well, that dick
I have to stop eating so much
No noo strong with this issue you leftMariaIrigaray ...
Then you say you want more tetas
So you're 10 http://t.co/01DOTmAgFh
I get bored
You sure
I fuckingFacundoEzequi
Jura mature hubby
I am not lenta
No nads better than having someone to do things like
@ Marianososa08 need to pay me 6 in the suleik and do not keep any juju
And if you give me the money I buy, I hope this
Mia Sepe has a projection in the backpack, otherwise the shot
Today I have a boberaaaa
Take the fat  (@ Little School Mama Kangaroo) https://t.co/e9MxGdx2KZ
Me duermooo
I disgust this year, I spend more than fast
#AdmitoQue Is beautiful  #SP #Bru http://t.co/Rt3WFfI3pi
mama got me rotten
I am bum bum bag and
@ NiFuNiFa4 playas.es day of the December 8
UhDivina_mente. Mom did the chart ...
GimenaReinoso Cuchame a little thing, do something today?
Dspuess q tells me I was jajjajaja
I'll hypnotize Fran to make you sleep
All about dick licker
He says he slept all la.maana
Concentra for the game we have to win
I am a fool
Mati When I finished the parcialea internal to study with the
Fellows me Peina  http://t.co/yfBcgBbWEF
Swore the faq
With the heat that makes you want to route
@MoonMoonSenFan u, thanx!
You think about it and it seems that the time passed so quickly there still presses on the day empezastes the garden
#Tremendo  @ Cuidad De Montevideo - Uruguay http://t.co/z4skJ54eE6
Unlocked
Well and good, who got fuck in the bathroom ????
Hahahaha
And today, more than ever needed his love.
Dentist
Ok .... not again say anything .. #Shhh
Good to go laburando
@ 3:30 MatiasM1927
@ Camilo99fuegos Love Disney change the role of women and the end are heroines. I'm re Mulan. I am not a fundamentalist or feminazi, bad
Que me importa es mio that.
Qumica to odioooo !!
maneiro_daniel if it can be jajajaj hopefully dress ta x q no q from q between no and stopped now yeah jajajja
It looks that good callus rodrigo the girl.
Very nice night and all, but what about the fire? 
@ SeViene3er_FAissachipy enjoys shuuuu
Joshua sings sooo jajajjajajaja maal
Third parties should be re enjoying the ride and well I here guys, I have to go study bue
If I miss is not surprising
Victoria evangelina Vidal da silva please answer thanks
Get home  
What time does Uruguay today ???
Your smile makes me so happy http://t.co/rl0ereKzKR
To share photos qlp
2 weeks
Hahaha vpeee
No more can with both up and down, I'm close to you at a disadvantage. I already learned the tale of memory (8)
This as for a nap !! 
In the 427 climbed up one of instagrammm that lindooo it
Venis Maxi? I'm here for 20 gil
It was. Mori
The invention of hairstyle I did haha http://t.co/HuPsvRAIju
Winning take a popsicles
Do not be ignorant
The distance is not the end
For I will do cortaa
cheesy fat
Negros  http://t.co/w06ZCArNbV
 #break #milkshake http://t.co/IF0CFh6U3b
"2 months with the love of my life & lt; 3" 2 MONTHS, are you kidding me right?
Was so good guard 300
Or I go, no problem
Able if it were not so CAGON ..
"Because alcohol ???? always going to eat healthy bo" wise words of the black
I can not believe vengaaaaaaaaan that divinooooooos 
lodocomello love PODES please follow me? It's something I've been waiting a while longer and would be more than a dream I Love You cumplido x135
scarolina_b why?
lodocomello love PODES please follow me? It's something I've been waiting a while longer and would be more than a dream I Love You cumplido x164
AlexissGueerra You we do not talk, you go without warning.
Apurateee G!!
Leave uploading those photos bo
I shit and I'm working I can not
And it becomes light cut the shell of the mother
I hope everything goes like this planeado
RodriBunnkeR Those Chasky
LuuaaRibeiroo And they'll get a thousand messages of masomenos group wpp
@ Mavitta85fmanassi Obvioooo the sky looks like it embole
Bartender serve another tequila invites my heridaaaa
"TuduriMelissa: I spend more time in the office than outside the promenade Saturday with the Black." Well someday have to work Nia
That indecision my god
Santiago?
@ MicaLapaz1 out: 3
Shit prefesora
And the way you look is what taught me how to love
Passed his hand across his cueeerpo when I tell him everything hariaa
One of these days we will have to all get together together
It's so annoying when you "fit" things
"LemesClarissa: What happens hahaha http://t.co/BSKlkOPZVF" unforeseen photo
This online and unresponsive me
I'm bored !! 
By lol
BeluMontaa And for perris ..
Asco only to see it, do not wait to leave home and have my own house
GermanCesFlorGomezRocha Know that I missed
There was no one, was re tired
I have tired los.controles !!!
I would eat a horse hunger
December 20 as I esperooo
Last
As I miss you my love, why is that? I lack anything in life if you're not
Christian I miss you already, I see the hours of reading you denuevo
Going twice I come to sisi and crossed my destiny destiny
Camila seen me awful nail 
Do not bank on this pajera.
Bo fat rt to stop this fucking clown pimp your shell madrw
My neighbor is going good songs at least serves to why this sucks dick
I will bring 2 boyfriends montevideo 
because the smell of milk coming out of your mouth cow does not give
I'm with gases
Hola.-. I love you much better amiga
Atte: Victoriaaaaaa
http://t.co/0Hj2TsTmU3
I think you angry with me :(
Eight is a feeling, I can not stop & lt; 3
You know that just that no lol
How nice it is to hear the round
Do not know or care who is
Franzuuuul
Never think that when someone had to think of you, he did ..
http://t.co/PcdwKSRIlu
Eri strange you 
lodocomello love PODES please follow me? It's something I've been waiting a while longer and would be more than a dream I Love You cumplido x18
@ Gonnza_79 no? For ??
I do not care to speak, in the end I'm worse than say jajajaj 
You can not imagine how I love this gurisa MicaMadera http://t.co/BuMTYIvobv
The stadium with fefo
Just published a photo @ Punta Ballena http://t.co/x0nLkFZG6w
No more sheets finnnn this year !!!!
http://t.co/263PcjD7fC
I hambreeeew
Eager to get short and get to tackear
And metanse science in the ass I stick with what is natural and what puro..
"" "''" '"" "' '' (Check shit is little
Anytime I go rolling !!!
Flooooooooooooooooor I ms
lodocomello love PODES please follow me? It's something I've been waiting a while longer and would be more than a dream I Love You cumplido x147
I asked mom a colet and never gave me the money to buy it XD
@ Carlosbrites6 congratulations !!!! Successful
Malota
N http://t.co/szOFQ0e7gp
I re burning people saying bolasos without knowing or as it is called
For temporada #On
No shit suck
RominaSoares And as confidence !?
I'm still here waiting for you
People interested much I say
Digging're a cop
 - # SIGUEMEYTESIGO
 -DA #RETWEET
 - GO TO ALL THOSE WHO GAVE #RT
  She earns -DA #FOLLOWBACKSEGURO FOLLOWERS
Neither #capitanichmarmota face helps! It is a moron Chirolita !!!
Pirie love to go with my cat
I'll sleep  _ 
That embole will be going crazy afternoon at Lyceum 
My notes are 10p for now
@ BrunoDiazz11 that turd that sos !! Jajajajaj
Well I'm going to go home ...
I'll fix
I am then I pz
#Siestaaa
My aunt gave me really cute clothes amoo
1 egg no, 2 eggs make me fall milanesas
Cute Jumping go a few days, baires 
Today, for example
@DjokerNole Grande Nole!! You are The One. Congrats from Uruguay
I have completed serving my thing he knows what makes
Baila babe maramaaaaa connnn
Fua, that was ugly today (y)
Motivated
I was going to tell Nagui come when you get the high school and I remembered having walk
@ Mau1o We did not have anything more jajajaj
Luckily not so bad my baby lyrics
I sueooo
2 years old 2 nothing more
Today is the final !!! The day arrived !!! I can not believe it !!!! Vamo the Maldo locooooo vamooooo
@ Jiimmeee15 I did nothing now, lol
Dt.
You do not break your dick because it's all wrong
At 20 min from home to the geant a miracle
He wants to bless the house
LuchoVezzoso For me has q be rolan
@ Luchilu28 have one to give away, if you want all yours
We are young
The good humor that I have no one takes me
Gaia, quick wash yourself, so you dry your hair and you lie down mismito
Nothing to do
Back re burned and discouraged and being told, everything is in accordance now if you can leave.
Rockin el savageoo
Jajajajajajaj talks Jeo and Daira and are next http://t.co/3UsGwVbk52
That tells me you walk zorreando this hahaha
I wear today
I'm going to Montevideo and I'll put the batteries I guess
Hsnxjjdnz
Every morning discussing, as if I only were to blame for both us forget the date they were Les Luthiers
After awhile since I stopped answering lia. Because it gets pajera
No coz you?
nachitobengoa jajajajajajajaja give pancho, I still do not think so !! Quasi feat.
Jajajaj to another fav inadvertently gave pancho
That laziness 
Papa is the juice and I will take practice: 3
You write, call you, you go to search
I want this
 on We Heart It - http: // http://t.co/pKd0QxFaOl
Tmando one chorra cocaine with jajajajjj dukas
"The kevin"
Nesecito massage !!
10 in the partial ju
Here in the 19
Luckily Monday I start testing
Mill perez !! Cute pleasure
Thiago turns 2 Sunday -.- time went so fast? Uu
Arctic Monkeys - Do I Wanna Know? (Official Video): http://t.co/KPz7ZS8REH
as such
Ajajajjkaajajjaja with crib grate laboratory tables and made us go clean  http://t.co/y7trZyyXuI
We peliamos bed by
Sometimes comprahamburguesa solidarity are those who see me in the bondi with 2 babies and sleeping are made
Things to fart and "this mouth is mine"
Do not get the rox nega
And the dj lose your job, if it sounds ditties amorrrr
Today no party with pii
Flor went to the house golpio hands, I scream and nothing ... the guy's hard sleeping -_-
Some people believe that domestic violence is a new phenomenon
He never has given me hope to cling to my life.
But when I hold in your arms I feel optimistic.
Mdeocokiramirez when you come to Uruguay now comes the Chilean your friend
does not seem that classes are over
No m banco a carolll
Me two quarrel when I put "Nobody talks to me" give rt or fav and not talk to me
The word of the protagonists withGonzaloGabrielF inlaoraldeportiva http://t.co/NxIiZktJAP
AgutnOlmosZilli Got to see her telling those jokes with the same accent that the Chilean jajajajajajajaja
It gives me grace pile of people pursued, poor kid
Will be fine?
Cutest song when i was your man?
20 minutes ago I had to be in high school
Everything hurts
After chest and triceps
This is huge bag mallljajaja
Jajajajjaja I pancho
This loquilla want me to start the pircing http://t.co/FlH8tird0O
You know that no one else

Pulling magic on the courts http://t.co/RQJuaG5bPJ
There are 20 peri this rich haha http://t.co/kY9WV47UPp
If not rise above my teeth daina I have to put a very strange and painful wire
Point
CeliGasperi Yo tmb I miss you when you come home we do everything;) jajaj
From movies and dinner with the band, nothing better !!
Only Fifty Shades makes me sleep 4 hours, I am so tired but happy. This fandom and movie are the best!  http://t.co/pAUQKBQ8eB
That's pretty big back there
Today if I did everything in casaa
No chance of losing
I miss the party of Portugal but ta
#ForaPortugal!!!
Shangrila http://t.co/ykqcB2StPQ
@ Eliramos_18 to but I say that I made a preacher jajajjajajaja
I imagine the motivation of the day!
# R3hab before the dismissal!
He says: "Imagine a wall of cocaine" jajajajajajajaja
mmicascrigna  jajajajajajajajajajajajaja
Jajaajajajaja bored me crazy
bolsodrummer buy yogurt and chocolate ... Serves ??
I like that picture 
According to my watch, it's time for you to go to the re bitch you re thousand pario
We both have the same picture of wpp, are some tender
I get bored
Soy celeste am
I'm dying to play looco lpm
RE YOU to me or touch me ...
My butcher if he knows #genio  http://t.co/jPkfpYVrFT
Waiting for the bigPedroBordaberry with all the colorado pride and batllista be the 2215marthamontaner http://t.co/zJMMWBKLMt
Tapeworm i.espaol
And do not think qe send me a review
Dale booo
Hahaha rests audios worth sending it jajajja
Unplug all.
Tomorrow is racing in Punta del Este and earn 5 @ Rambla Punta Del equipment ... http://t.co/0ZiSUGQAwO
I want a girlfriend for Go see Extremoduro
Mmmmmimoso
And now these llorandoo
You're a fantasy that I forget
You love to put you blackjack
That much vueltaa
flopitarau if this unbearable lately lol I I understood. Laura and come back and ready qie change them?
Confirmed Ema
That old bitch.
Javicaardozo The mejoores. Comprastee where?
I wish I had the bike in town !!
The strange
"@5SOS: http://t.co/07Zn9m1FtO"
The strange and does not connect to a a.
OK
#Streetart At # Montevidu #Uruguay // #Montevideo #instatravel #instago #instaplace # instabest ... http://t.co/1UlHd9xibX
I'm re tired 
I think not talk and ask forgiveness? Juas Contate another grounder
Just off.
I cope with the song happened to me noee
The worst program
Government House Building Independence # Montevidu #Uruguay // #Montevideo # CasaDeGobiernoEdificio ... http://t.co/2LSSDO5Wrr
If you don't believe me now, flip the whole world upside down
2002 tu papa OITE
He took hanger stay dead lol
Business
Too many things have in common lol
These holidays have already started to 3l ogt
That weekend gross mass'll miss me
I have photos of the birthday of ajajaja win, never thought I would see my ajajajaja cell
Nose I'm going to wear tomorrow
Silva Hello!
I am BACHILLER! at last!
Every time I get more disgusted everything that sucks people
That boredom
Now grab and're fucking disgusting jajajajajaj
AlosBesos Pibito
097464723
And today it's been a month since I saw @edsheeran for the second time and I wanna fucking cry
No, no crocodile tears me, too late to repent.
Aburidaaaaa that orible
I embole
I can not put music because I lost control of the wii 
Today we came to see you, to you playero you're my life ...  (@ Club Malvin -clubmalvin in Montevideo) https://t.co/XygbeERuno
Frankly because you're so divi?
With soldiers
in bbo seas soaps that eztaba quemadaa
Romina happens to be about to mourn to be with all the minds lol
The imbecility of Jauri, each party amazes me more!
Pal water
I did not understand that whatsap arina
This to talk to me
Cute leave one hour early
Papapapapapapap seen tremendous nail me:-(
I saw a while ago and I miss her
ramblita out and pizzas with pieri mela and bruno;)
agusemanuelli but I want to go see rafaga
Gooool of #Atenas and final. He again put Barboza. Violet fourth straight loss.
From here I go with you and if you go llevame
Sprained knee and lpmmmmmmm
I have a desire to talk ....
it re lunpen jaja
someone to make me massages 
Shame give me those people who change their way of being to belong to a group or something. Pena, very sorry.
What I hate fb in the cell is that when you go to see comments from state inadvertently you give me love and stay re offside
MALIBU  http://t.co/aO4FqlK4ky
I weighed to the rt of that sibling topic, loosen
My girlfriend is getting old me
Today in high school with @ BieberTommo1D i  you whore :) http://t.co/cFySlMbhNE
Gugu
I give me Ajsjfjd Yyyyy
Fernet with light coca. Cardinal sin
@ Mikam_04 whattt
I will invite someone to go to the festival tomorrow
I will eat and sleep
Sisisis your
@ SebaRissotto1 boludo my cel is ancel, you'll have to unlock .. see you do from one day to the other!
I will not be able to go to the dance with her: c
Move the hemlock http://t.co/cRbXXpYeKH
He does not realize how much I care
That can not hear
Get me to the pool or not, that is the question
It makes me happy 
Belen not know anyonebelenvmartinez
Still to this topic
LPM paaaa que caloor
Mine mine mine
sofipinneyro layers I join the Mass if more are in the jajajaj songs
Jajajaj yaaa I pasamelo
Jajajajaj these all-lockout
I'll watch the ellen show
Everything annoys me at this point
Honoring the Truffle Ariosa Defender now. Recovered and ready to train. Great guy great joy for him. http://t.co/p62szjwGMl
With my 
I answered the pancha April, Alfin
Here with @ RomiiVazquez1 
Up to shame me da spend 30 times the square
The only reason I want to spend a fourth is to not go on Saturdays, then I would lifetime in third
Clear friendship
Vamo to eat and go to bed early, but tomorrow at 6 nobody.
We talk to jajajaj WPPS
Cmon Versteeg !!!. #Blackhawks
Michaelovvv Never paid
After saving the test I grabbed an alcoholic coma 
Elina me now Anabelle trauma to the film, as he did with The Spell
And dodge, I got burned and did not greet AJAJAJJAJAJA
Ta pa play Cup game, we all pa home
 http://t.co/2FYb28MOWO
On Sunday we must ganarr
Feceeuuu Going to do today pt skype?
Lol
I know that walks
This rich theme of the kids (Y)
Rodri Augustine
. @ Josemacaraballo (@ Fans! Pocitos in Montevideo) https://t.co/kEHokwSIzo
Poor bitch, a shame das
@ Agus_Perez21 good tell me I entertain myself while http://t.co/8yxb5oia1c
That Roseate song

Two activities are more add me to the routine the week viene
Much fav seems to me .........
@godsgirl8494 I admire u :) you're beautiful
091520848 gift chocolates
Mathematics have it 8 will not touch a book
Divine share her great day, welcome to the premium club!  http://t.co/MTA1A20Qud
I feel tristee
That desire to eat pizza own 
"@Real_Liam_Payne: Really enjoying 8 out of ten cats so funny @jimmycarr" 
Bellamy Blake/Bob Morley #Bae #Crush  http://t.co/KaiIYWnJ6c
divine peter
Sere, Ostolaza, De Leon, El loco Abreu and others
I'm down the shell of the parrot and re putisima mother who pario
Chica Playboy
The neighborhood is changed
I'm going
Ay, is m were eager to talk with
andresscagliolarotamborjaimenievesdiz am to 1 proj reading prisons need reference mat helps me with rt? Thank you
For my Louis sings ugly
-

#LouisYouSangGreat Http://t.co/noZFRoURsw
Holaaaaaaaa
Yo know
I have pure love songs
CachaFernandez Dhhh
I have tremendous cough
It does not leave you high and
The shell of the mother cago juan me hungry and I do not buy anything :(
I'm re cranky
I will hear a slow
Happy Birthday boom boom yisus
But this goes well nomas "dragged" I will defend one
#TwOff
Besides it is obvious that will denuevo giliar
Hold the crazy Pepe is a good suck propose sleeve Cuntal
Latest one the soldiers stopped in front of my house and re rested
X Well at least I'm not alone thinks so q x q what seems tranki q leaves me I'm not crazy
I love my life, ah
The'll kill Agusss the photos I took me out
Instead of trying to understand why they do not understand the world seek to disqualify. Now we are populists.
Divina this
You got all that and knew that gustabaa me.
I was born partying and partying'm going to die
It is estupodo or wave?
RenzoCarissimi Goes dancing dale ajjajaja, and that is our keeper ay ay ay ... haha
Heat delayed.
I'll tell you something that nobody cares Pedro I tell them the same
Jajajajqjjq worth?
tomakeyoufellth my teacher of English has the whole family in united states
Tell me if you want me to mess that ah become a eaeaeaeaa locuraaaaa 
Almost 30 ... Faaaaa q bajon !!
FloSugasti When we were at home they put me love you and stay in shok
paaa as playing a hamburger with fries now
I would feel used like "yeah, yeah thanks for following me now Reproduce these accounts" qcio not no I would like +
Muaaaaa
PARIO SHELL YOU TWEET ME A FUCKING AVRIL SIRVEEEEE, DALE ENANA FUCKING DO NOT PLAY THE IMPORTANT (? I LOVE YOUAvrilLavigne
_NadiaBaez But if you had told me before, give you step part of my inner beauty and outer
That boredom that I have god
I do not want to go to skate tomorrow
Re strange synchronized swimming 
Ok lola this
 http://t.co/aj6JOfkV10
Move totooo
That desire to sleep ja
It is a FISU the hdp
And to 
Envy you that I have 15 and I am full of youth, vitality and passion and PC are old, soon bought them wool and needles.
I ate some chips that were 10p
Jajajajajajaja
I tell mica q today went to buy clothes and tells me walking dresses no longer invite me over fence cn aq vs, jajaajja
It's for you
Juga me, hahaha, you're fine
did you think of us first, you did not remember you only
That dick be wrong for someone to sign that dick
If it was you who let me go
There are certain things which can not be mixed, water and oil, you and I, and so ...
I'm going I
tratratratratranquiiiila emilia
Let's take that came with the oswal
#twoff
Clandestina 3.0
Just when everything was decided the msg that shit all
9:35 to finish second
Times
Tamo if
And young sink lol
@n1gr0 @NatNatassinha @bruvilabela tsc... 
I'm re happy
Vomiting gummy bears jajajaa
Cute Friday !!! What a beautiful pass. A pleasure to have such great friends
lpm
Up *
Need massages and pampering 
I want to know
That they are 2:30 am and I can not sleep, I do not like anything besides things like this, I'll never study: |
@ Eluando181 was Tatiana
Calmly, he takes good
Record lay bed 2 mint
que bello fav
Hahahaha private prostitute 
Floorsismondi Jajajaj you stay xon desire flower morning to come on in the neighborhood are not anti bo
ValentinaaDutra Conta sheep 
I paFedeGutiTourMauBaldu there
Leave guess I am not
Floripon_ Cesar. Remember to Cesar.
A cold one !!!!  #armandofc #amigos #nochedeviernes @ Cyrano Bar Canelones http://t.co/x4lcEv6Prk
That maga
MateoSncehz That same matiu
Q Ajjjjjjjj rage
Ruin it again
For me it's deliberate fuck it
Michaelovvvn If it is this that gives me disgust
Well I, for Tw No Se Le Paste to Nobody
They ate the chupapijas these q tnia no phone, no I will have no black d shit, yet I can not believe how I got to tell q did not have
Jajajajajajjajajj
I'll stick to the eye until I wake up hungry
I came without telling Mari: o
at rt again that

Mandale kiss Mogueeeen and Fc decile
Alcoholic
I hope not to have to do many things today because I muroo
Thanks Natyyyy
Aaaaayyy have to go dormiiiiiiir
I has to find you, tell you i need youu
Are all of jaajajajja fungus jqjq
Today there be rather
Linda night!
I'll stay until I come sleep
I just got a 15 completely normal
At seven I go
ccamilus woman, are you?
This cold outside
I'm congelaaaaaandoo here!
Is facing a madman That had the Babucha own, and crazy turns and tells me +
And you pensaaaa siiii,
AM THE PERSON MORE HAPPY WORLD 
7:07 Lucky for me on the part of geography 
I want dooormiiiir 
This de Brai me loose hablarte: *
Would have to be sleeping and
Most likely is the examination carried gil
I'm angry
T amo adriana sos mi vida
Vamos pa la playa playa beach
Meets the tenderest a small 
I lost until the back cover of the cel
RBAIPAS're Nervous right?
There 
A Dj-Enzo liked my profile picture 
Naaaaaa jajajaajajjjaajajajajajjjajajaaj http://t.co/IBOnzRZlAn
Linda morning for breakfast on the balcony with Sole: D
My kind empiesan atomize and we have to go down
Part of that is Saturday and I have life? Haha destroy
I did everything in the partial 
That would cock go to high school on a Saturday lol

I slept like the sunrise, not to lose the habit
That shit moment when you wake up, blink and you spent 20 minutes
That sueoooo
Re gonna be over that part of Biology
I can not get up, pa not lose costumbe also today I'm late to the lyceum
Real g4life babyy
That bird lice, hate atomize both early
8 min I go I will lift
People hurt you and perhaps much!
In the 181
I wrote a good day in wachiturro nacho 
Fa lost bondi
I'm nervous and my head hurts
That dream that I have
He gave me hiccups 
It was, who helps me collect cardboard from and for my home? You will be re piola
Not a good day.
I do not feel anything
Gu mornin
honestly I have the shell on the ground dresses !!
I'm already late
The Spanish language is always late
Deleting cell uff
I'll see if I can sleep a little longer
boludeadaaaa nobody asked.
It has its advantages arrive early
Dress Mondays and when you want to kill? Well well
I changed
That would not be me without 3G
Die, both study at pepe
Bone, that shit is autosomal
I hope to have free drawing
Juan're so pancho
At 11 I'll stick with 20 kids to see if they are the thugs
Jajajajajaj
And gave the oral English
You start from scratch and looking up pa
I pelie with professor told me that he was talking and I said "I'm not talking does not fit" the iron ajajaaja
It hurts ankle
Pancho told me pearol left out of the South American I'm not your birthday
9:05 left uh
Desodorantazo!
8 and a half in the morning and I already swollen eggs.
He does not realize that bothers? -_-
@ EnanoRodriguez2 missed the in Spanish?
@ Lourdes_D23 bitch jajajaj
It makes me burn
http://t.co/sVPeg7bU9w
Single house today viajee,
Since before the holiday that does not come
My neck hurts
The expo waiting time.
I went to sleep again !! jojo
Lack little for the Spanish classic, partidaso
Matbola
@ Lemajuan17 on jamaaaicaaa
I lost the summary :(
As fuck with ceibalitas I do not even know if mine is not there or where it is, nothing
Bibliotecaa in, YTS
Barbarity
Wait on me
Hopefully the good that I shot the horoscope is met
Santi defends me
And now even less, I have to cook -.-
All the bad busollo atte.pertusatti
Answer Cattyyyy 
There estaaaaaaa
Hello They are like e e e ee
jajajajajajaka in the middle of his forehead hit jajajajajajaj
Ayy "online" reminded me of minstrels
I will come back every day to sing the mantras Hare I learned from Mom ... I loved !!
RCMP
I get bored and like lol
walterdiegoface Happy Birthday dear embrace, then I leave the little gift http://t.co/u1WJFrrxFS
Diuu
Amsterdam has q be me
Therefore I had to talk to him, 15
Holissss
It is a tender said "I love you" across all 
Hahaha I'm in love with a blonde jajajajajajaj
Tomorrow is fucking madreeeeeee
This re happy for a 6 ayyyy
I mimosaCokiBentancort to tii
Stupid, mongolico, idiot, bagallo, face dick, asshole, unbearable, beautiful, sick, frightening and jerk. All that is 
35 minutes story and casita
What I have so little worth millions ...
Eeeeeeem hola q ase http://t.co/9hRqDmg2Ot
And was
Buen guide
Lola sweeping Jajajajajajajajajaj
Sol're the primaaa mejooooor
I'm a loser, not cutlets are done
Okay you got it back
Mom comes in 20
At 16 will I heat water for jajajjaa tibu matte if I stay consideration his fault !!!
The gate and the super hobby
Now we lost time, I hope we do not do
No way olvidarteeeee
I think I did pretty well on the part of economy
Martin were re well with the salute and tuti
I give Oral Wednesday, I was all the first part but not the end
That means giles.
I do not feel like studying jajajja dick
14:14
But it seems that this is not going
This will have 3G, makes you give against the columns and you run over cars. Sofia advances in technology.
Amooo you http://t.co/Afs6UCYYtM
We talk to mao gome
I'm going to stop because stalkear camila but things ended up rt 2010
DanieeeeeelP Sells jajajajajajajajajajajaja tremendous smoke and who was ??
I want ice cream
Just I want math missing xc
Jajaj the galaxy
I was partea head
Ajajjajaaja love you  suri
Hahahaha the rooh
Now is the time and the teacher did not come, that rare
It comes just   
that beautiful dia
Nobody talks to me in wpp
Juajuajuaj
NENE ME THE VOICE OF RAPIST HAS SPOKE
YoNoViMikel Jajaj re stuck all mines laughed hahahaha
The enzito going to the gym. Watch it
Anyone
But slow
Vpii http://t.co/yMS67w1T65
Not salgooo more 
Jajajaj sisi I fell asleep, I was dead tired
That's sad people !! Buy yourself LIFE 
An egg must be mathematics 6th

I am a pelotudaa
Luckily, but another political reclamenes me
Yo tan Sex and the City y vos tan Lost
That straw for studying biology

I laughed all the way hahaha
Bats flying in the sky and on the ground good people
Strange to katy and the kmy
You're an idiot fuck
When you enter you will see me
Lol cute is this one.
Do not key the visto
That bajon
Shake it up
Http://t.co/HIFrZqkuC2 find it in U $ S 879 only !!

Ellauri 841 esq Scoseria
#iphone # 5s #oferta #montevideo #bde http://t.co/l949l8B7n4
Fucking desire to be there in the sun, with this heat. Next time I do not come http://t.co/23H1dFrnhu
@FelinoTigreton @busdevel95 @FelicidadGutz @daymadiamante1 @ZoraidaPalacios @scriptave @Sofistikada06 http://t.co/fbBZWxqK47
I want to leave the high school is too hot to be locked ...
Time to time
http://t.co/YWqmwPbob7
Ajajjaja loves one dwarf
RafaMatilla Sure! Mala mine!
That heat
Tell me if you want to do with me mischief ... (8)
I came tremendous bajon
Not jajaj
The night is long life is short
marr_sosa ponele, just because I know not, mix of everything !! Now I will pasarr
Verano'15
14:14
Me pudrooooooo 
JAJAJAJAAJAJJAJA
Still, no creow
Kurt_RSB Is true :) Thanks !!! #U
Needed ???
Chocho makes a tweet
Jajajajajjajaajajajjajajajajaja ay ta. Best I wear a bikini, grab my book and get on sunbathing.
Musicologouu
I can not stand the idiot laughter
But q seguuro
I'm here
I'm at Wasabi Marketing Digital - @wasabi_md in Montevideo w/ @peterescardo https://t.co/cGBatrEQWt
For testing I study like crazy
I'm going to bed
Why I can not sleep study and go to the gym at the same time
FedePeculio If at 5 in the square
They leave as crazy when no answer lol, confirmed!
@ Chinascomandan1 no igual no LOEN
lucia plague that everyone knows hahaha
A little little little
We were talking with norbert
MadeBentancur Yes, I went back! After pasate I have something for you
The eraaa,
The final straw that has atroprllado yamila me with bike http://t.co/VnJElFnneL
JaaaElianaDide @ eltino22PeluquerosMAGNO glad it was not another woman if she would not sound very strange! Jaaa
Love ironed hair and become a rarer tail lol
I can not get any more and
ObservadorUY Is concerning the future of paetido Colorado with or without bordaberey. ..no will have to think merge? ??
Jajajajajaja is the jam and not more biba
Tell me that you do flushed with morocho
JoaquiinCamelo Going to fuck April ??
Boluda I do not care if they were for my indirect or .l.
Sofia dances jajjaaj ta
no me contesta booo
EmilioCausayenipast Haha but at least it is not so obvious
Made in veni vamo a estar http://t.co/s65GAMemOg
I'm bored
I want to go tomorrow to buy some cute platforms
And these fighting haha
Te amo http://t.co/NiFG9kIqHM
SugarMottaGC -COMe (? -
and and and and and and and and and and and and and
Flash at me sabe
I can not even see
Today I took my head and asked to fly over there do not get me more
Is ending and comedy
As if putting up with me to give
Romeo is re high jajjajaja
I re burn
ChineseAbbonaCamila jajajja 100%
Drawing shits me vidaaaaaaa
I do not consider that to women disrespect
I hopeCampeonDelSiglo are several non-renew
I have to go to the geant
I hate mayonnaise diaj
I'm a shit person.
Besides I get used to the keyboard
I'm with the mood re: 3
I open my legs and I sing lalala, ricardo arjona a pore
and we to you black, should be together
And I still get on twitter "Mexico is magical" jajaajajajjaajaj rightly become all Mexicans
Lpmmm hate that blue helmet
I amorcosita divinavishi es mio. http://t.co/Be6Z0TtKy2
Goose
* My
Mama this girl exploiting the bubble wrap
That boredom 
Maite JAJAJAJAJJAJAJAJAJAJJAJAJA SE ATE A BUG AJAJAJAJAJJAJAJAJAJAJAJAJAJJAJAJA
Entonces Milhouse
hahahasoffgkmichiferresss are more equal q Chicasss invited this weekend .. not the other Dalee ?? I say Posta
Mama asks me for the tapo
Look at that hair  http://t.co/JTTuKvBBV6
Not looking forward to it che halloween
Franco fucking
Category A in Mathematics
I do that anymore
Jose must bathe jajajaj
Jose is about to mourn 
Jajajjajajajaajajaj
https://t.co/8BynliMwHD
Hahaha @ NachoVidal98 or that there will, I am seeing from Santa or any of Aleppo you in the end?
Clearly Positive left side.
Each dirty nowadays
E-site and
 to Buenos Aires lanata @ http://t.co/iUQJHf6CeF
http://t.co/wcDIgmuPHD
Tomorrow trick or treating with abi JAJAJAJAJA no but seriously
ANDA NOT ME THAT THE MENSEGGER PIJA
Jajajajajajajajajajajajajaja oh holy heaven
Q lindooooo
Moments that mark your life
#BadBlood seems like a song from lorde/avrilLavigne #1989
I Fuck you, I'm terrible dog of this kid, I have to forget about it NOW.
I'm going to make a letter to eli
Gross written trensito sheet had the pajera
Hahaha http://t.co/4gyBueszX9
Wonder Woman will be http://t.co/5wr309HpRy
Haha let's Sunday todoss, which break
This life is to be held in all seriousness
End of this month once
A special greeting to all colleagues who are working on these days as delegates to defend the votes of the @ lista71
I could not believe
20% battery, dale dale
Poor dog of vito, will already be well
ButYulianacaceres_ lindaaaaaa
Q Mepa's break glasses
Afternoon tickles, kisses, hugs and laughter 
Nor do you speak so ill -.-
Lots of patience.
I had re traumatized that song pq Ale listening all the time
MSPuchalvert For clearing that
Some niggle other'm all in love? Hahahaha
That sueoo 
Cagonaso
Why?
It hurts stack lips
q pario you whore
I love listening solta or ponto is the best funk aquecimiento
Michel your birthday we do next?
We did an hour massage Aguus: 3 hahaha
I spoke before Saldarini
JAJAJAJAJAJAJAJAJAJJAJAJ LPM
JAJAJAJAJAJAAJAJJAJAJ
Ta let me :(
Come dance with Grandma norm now mj
Nooo
Tomorrow I want to see on the back!
She and her tummy http://t.co/ePCbCSXuRT
I change some pictures, Gonera fucking
Jajajajajajajajajajaa, someone asked?
I die of pain
Acostada estudiandoo http://t.co/VlEEwec9eH
Dale Hart 
I have nothing you do not deserve me no mercy
@EduFigueredo1 me perdonas?
And how fast you are, PUTAAA
MalditaCostillaNenaabobaa Propaganda to become lesbians!
Hopefully tomorrow have foam in the colegio
All well 
Goddess mile
No one answered me in the group, great
Is jodaaaa?
Dalits negaozinho
Mauro does not pass me the photos.
Waiting for our friends in Cordoba were to try their luck in the casino. #Nightour Http://t.co/JDOntTcKC6
My girlfriend is re crazy, yells that AMAA me a million times and I love when this asii. $$$  
What pasarino open? Mom does not want me to go find a postresito
"He's always with a different girl, I do not understand how empty that can be tucked chiquilin to need much shell" 
I have still dream, can not be
Fua re persecuted
I obeyed far as I could love my temper ..
Tomorrow is a long day and very cranky Up
I love you jajajajaj http://t.co/3qIhyYkUWg
This my sister's boyfriend
Mama and incomodas questions
Now I have heat
It can not hurt me much back
I give masssssd
Michele is burned
A peesar toa envy
I'm still here
And I'll be here until your not here
I'm as happy haha

@ NicoRua10 at it go ??
Coco will happen to me his designs for me to turn into ropa
Hahahaha
Neither high nor mature -.-
22:22 that ours again be as before

A red wine has its place
I asked william and told me no
Juniooor jaja # EMABiggetsFans1D
Who tells me there
I'm dead 
Hello to all the pretty girls Hahaha I remember that video that made me just fart and laugh
I still remember the first time you take an ice cream at the Cigale, was the glory
Chau, party and sleep
JAJAJAJAJJAJAJAJAJAJJAJAJAJJAJAJAJJAJAJAJAJAJAJJA
Hahahaha go and talk to me you have to ask something ah
Soon new members
They are all married and I aca RE
Books, photocopying, tickets. Anytime I go out wearing clothing made of photocopies
Always enter la.clase speaking evil old chupapija who you think that you're
Sao paulo 4 Emelec 2 http://t.co/XNYuBk25Vs
mattnugs now you're going to get through
"Yeri_Blanco: If not for the internet tw fb and all this shit, I think I would go ami re good in the studio" 

Every 5 words this comedy tells fucking, grab, garchando, etc
Tomorrow we start with partial. No time to breathe through 12. After chauuuu 
Uuuuuuuh
They were not given, but I love
Mirala to tasting "perrillero" ta ta andate yaaa
Taa was me
That fear of falling back into the same, why did it cost so much out.
ArrinTinTinn Going to improve that day then !!
Nicholas spoiling me with tiago illusions, bad
Someone talk me
I'm still here waiting for you.
It breaks my head and comes as no more go.
mattnugs JAJJAJAJAJAJJAJAJAJA PIBES COLTS FOR PATRONS
Now you'll see me rooooo
A dormirr
Man stumbles me
me re bajonie jaja
The bobo this wondering who I was, pasao Ta
I go to sleep I gain more telling 
Let the light shine on me now who I am if there is no way to hide what I've always wanted to be, what I am
T_odora Big mine he goes to bed late and get up early. ...
lopes_leonardo best person to be born
Tomorrow morning nobody wants to come home? I have no class and I am alone :(
We will have to go to sleep: 3
Haha I'll have to do something ..
Jajajajajjajajaja amo a martin
qm swears would get jealous with q jaaaaaaa puts poor
Jajajajajajajajajajajajajajajaj @gemmaguisulf0 http://t.co/BQDVmkgFdg
Hahaha vpi Aguus
Looking forward to start training tomorrow with Chile, the topic is up ...
AntonellaMombru Hahaha noo I realized it was tremendous barajeada
Luuumilan Speak up and dimeee
He went to Mdeo: |
I sleep for God
Night falls still think about you oh sii, I can not forget, in your eyes something tells me my oh yeah, do not want marcharte..
#GoKnicks
Ale genius put the name to send him place
I do not want to go in bondi 
nachitoferreira clear that if but when and where and I'll ta
Nobody is as before
Every three minutes I get an event recoleao waste or things like
Horror movies just are. I do not like, even a little bit.
All the high school integer that Belen is tremendous latera
Strange stack my father: ((
Jose Meolans such as want!
@ Corujo99 vi if dale gaas
How well this 
"paulitachaves: Only #showmatch can achieve something like that !!! SPECTACULAR !!! http://t.co/CXJfrz6rvs"buenisimooo
Cum coming Navarrete aaaaaarrrrrrrre already Thu afternoon
The last concert llorooo help
And yet the baptized with acid
Poor crazy
That quickly changed my
Today I told Flopi sleeping together because this halloween that either gives me miedo
Dying dream
This cheese is grated me lol
THANKS FOR come to me CANDIES FOR 5 YEARS IN HALLOWEEN BO ENANA JAJAJAJAJAJA thanks to that you're my best friend http://t.co/TqtoAYu9bJ
Me acoste
May divinaa
I think I really want to do well
One is Sabina
Unusual sends me a message to charge a kid to know if this my xv, keep che face
I imagine it to Mr. Raul Botto with yellow nails !! Auajjajajajajajaja 
That shit is not eato is over me, but it's cold
Once I finish the achievement of fellow walks jajaj
Do not know why but I knew this chiquilina liked my friend, and I identified the touch !!!
luckily no wifi in bondi
Do well to never again become a verrrrrr
Do not play important!
THE man in my life
#EMABiggestFansJustinBieber Http://t.co/2887HbQV37
And martin
He gets it tomorrow
Nico does not know what he says.
That's good on Netflix this. Cellular
Yazz and divinaaa
That after not come now if .. and fue
Jajajajajajajajajjajajajaja es but stupid
chirulen we will leave no?
the kids are all the same lie
I'm the smartest when he heard the kid is
I hate doing things like an asshole, not the other feed and then I realize
A last moment Nati decides que me disfraceeeeee
The tale of fate I can not rewrite
Stand by meeee
lourdesanchezok no matter you do not know the contrary makes you sweeter than you already are
I'm not sleepy ..
I love putting "fc" but I hate to put you to me
ValeBerrondo Jajajajajjaja chivie
AmparoBertin Me if
Hi
leandroGeffroy Dioso Capo Beautiful Divine Pony! Follow me: 3
Jajajajajaja gonna love me http://t.co/9XNQVZyfxV
I'm asleep

I'm watching a movie that is very turra other
 why not?
bss milesssssssss
Luckily realize 
Now I have two days classes and longer
Look at me a moment
An
Hahahaha chupapepa not want anything
Tomorrow I have to save part of history whether or
We are more united
I hate my profile. I'll have my badge in on a trunk with seven locks.
I go before .- mica candies are before
bieberdemz when ???
I licked all over her face
Maaal, re loco
And I'm not a crazy fuimo well pretty crazy crazy crazy good
No te reproduzcas http://t.co/M6DM3zRWPm
You can not talk seriously in the group
To re TeleChat
I want to go away, but you
He who saves loses points
It is one of the few that comes to fame and was not full of slips the ass, makes him great humility 
It was cute tannnn
Hello such as your estassss
Hi damian
No but I feel we think the same with this girl! I re identify the majority of their tweet ..
NicoAcossta Daldaledale
Poor dog, oh no
LUCAS WILL LIVE IN A HOUSE WELL, WE SWEAR BY MY LIFE THIS IS IT
I love it because I get to tw seba and always welcomes me in von "Vake Suck my dick" Love is a person's face verggaa
Old I think tomorrow is holiday for halloween
Solstice
Today we had to go out the back door because they were going to fix the door Lyceum
The ro says I want to see a film of shots lol
SergioRijo 
"Vote for Tuesday" ajajajaja
Our Lady
I am rubbish
Jajajajajajajajajajajaja
Turns says genteee
I can not sleep laputamadre.
another day another day
is something there, if you did not notice it because you're terrible gil
#happy #uruguay #night #noche That Thursday mommy !!!! And beginning Friday !!  http://t.co/P8Z0oCZDMG
Come to know that I'll smoke fart today
He wanted guri empedarme later said he loved me and I never had accepted on fb that would give me a kiss and not more
Tremendous slut
I always thought it was like some deep bee's, but not
Lpm
Dale fav a photo of another mine if you want full
Sho con DiCaprio sisisisi
And if I do not sleep I will not be able
Its 6:57 am voooy
One side of the marina has crazy side mio
It's really cute ah lol
I'll put a little cel refresh
What would my life be without emojis express everything I feel
Good Morning !!!! I can not be further from the Halloween party, but w / my kids that are flattering, everything takes on a different color 
_SamMata You marry the crack A ?? Congratulations !!
I can not get up, it's impossible, I have dream
Pancho Kid
And partying I'm going to die: $
Not llegooo
There is a piggy back mio xc
wooooooooo!
How boring yard
That fucking German vo
Good day and Happy Halloween
No matter what activity you have but do not worry it's Friday thats what matters
I think it is a living example of the difficulty of these definitions as personal and analyze the regulation or not https://t.co/ak4F8Jbye7
Happy Halloween
Ta the teacher of English in the stopping lol just not going to say hello
Good diaaaaa, the #utu :)
I never saw such an asshole chick bo
It's going to take mad kill the boardwalk at this hour?
I do put in a bad mood.
"@ Vrom16: We can live together in harmonyWorldSoulAwaken http://t.co/Rm0HSMY0XU"
Major League Maldonado: Fixing assistant referees for the match vs San Carlos CA Ituzaingo. http://t.co/Sxv6G3nCQd
He says we have to come for the summer and is eating a bag of biscuits herself
We did not reach an agreement or when we walked to school haha
I'm at State School Teacher Keys w /porraleti https://t.co/wSKYTFqzIS
Should I shave ... crazy tas
Jajajajajajajaja god
Who looks at you and who comes
9:05 He came to uu physical
Rodrigo says my name wrong and re bothers me
We swimming today 
I remember you
I do not like leaving high school as before.
I wanted chorus
I get the physics, that sucks! Petera
When I fail ree early I'm late to the high school
#FF "@kinaaann_: @vanniaegan aww happy halloweeeeeennn!! :D nice make up.. are you trying to be annabelle?? :3"
Since I was going to get up nv
I am indebted to my heart, ah, how do I suffer!
I would marry all strong military
Face asleep  http://t.co/QOT4r4lLHg
Today I wake up, I go to the bathroom and I see? My cat pee in the water haciedo JAJAJAJJJAJAJAJAAJ
See my notes ...
Very Happy MeetsAmor_X_PyPjujuy !!! What passes very cute bs in Uruguay
sebastian photos this shows me a fan re
and not asleep, and?
Do not want to see the book of history
I have to do 7 sheets, 7 !!!
Equally bobera I did not understand
Bo that word trip
In economy with rome. This class stinks
Speaking about the cold jajajaaja tenderness as refrigerator motor haha
I have liceou 
10:10 save geography
Now we have computer
Pope and friends want to take me astray
That it has nothing to do with biology
It was'm going to lift me breakfast
I love coming home and there smell of food, Mommy I love you
And it goes wey
A year ago today the super fight jajajajajaji
I hate it when mom gets to putiar
Thank God you end the year and I see more group work fucking
Stefano drawing the teacher hahaha http://t.co/ggZOkavE5F
It hurts to see how I lost, but even you do not mind.
pear I spend all levels of fucking this little game
Not a word crusamos
Person I most hung there
Uuu that bad humorr
Good morning
needed a camouflaged jacket 
Just me these things happen to me !!!! 
Arapey listening to http://t.co/KRieeUypfl IdS @ Home seracu17 talking about domestic violence to have the importance and benefits d.
I'm going to breakfast #twpause
I'm re fucked!
It hurts me hurts :(
Down below mm mm
Aaayy miiii aaaamooooorrr
If each bounce is a rock on the sea, in the heart there are many stones 
As you just wake up
# 32 Yesterday I bought coke (cola) $ 2,000
I forget just when I shit buso cold
Yesterday was all lindo.conmigo that will not peak
# 19 the prox is the age that I have ..
Haha vanessa gets up goes to the bathroom, out, eat breakfast, go to the bathroom, out, breathe, and so going to the bathroom lol
I'm the worst
Chavez almost cagaaaaaa me. I had to run lol
Palomiando for life
After lunch I do the final review for sociology and is what Frodo wants (?) Ah
Tienea understand it is not for you, he can play with love
Awww my clothes smells of the: 3
The Agu will give an oral
This good today
Go preparing my funeral because Carla told me not want to leave
Jajajajajajajaja
Unable to sleep and wake up thinking about you thinking about you. If all eetara good or nob
Not a thank
I am white and I like the shit
How nice I have a bad mood.
Exploded our short audiovisual, stay re good
When not my grandfather pelendome
Yesterday I made a cut mela boyfriend to tell me what had happened jajaj
A cock all 
Just still sucks
I look forward to taking 7up, brc reminds me so much lol
I'm at Subway in Montevideo https://t.co/0drilxV5AX
If I start to think ed things we did with the dwarf euge
To be like you got to run Bol5o riding patrol and leave cojerrr
Hahahaha, the health center is re flooded
I hate inhumane disgusting rat http://t.co/h3t1DyzM2C
Mom interrupted my plans to sleep all afternoon to bring me a montaota clothing store
Halloween  !!!
Nothing better than these naps Despertas qt and you do not know who you are
I head itches, I look awful piojosilla
A point of desperation we got home pdd. Sobenla putosssss. As I wish January 1. #diezdiasdeDESCONTROL
while you speak of me I'm here with beautiful backpack kkkkkk 
I hate the smell of titi in class
The ascribed laughed at the little kid lol
That embole
And we're through Friday ...
And your pending the most wanted by police
Abundant head hurts
I do not understand how I still control the c
JuanJoseAboy  for?
pa ta find the pictures we drew us when heramos floger jajajjaajajaja all styles
I have the rain spoiled -.-
Quiero
Everything is ugly gil, a turtle appears
I have to roll a 7 in astronomy but I'll take lpm
AntoLeizagoyen That friend got mad
in chemistry I am literally fighting 4 and not if I get to stay at C and not D
luciaaltier plenty estas ??????
The Goat
Flight Kitchen
I get a few hours of life, love
I want to go yayayaaa
Intended to padecerte, still crazy as ever invented anything to see you
seguirocio Saturday you were half drunk, not happy
If you expense that will be left without friends by your jealousy, you are very wrong.
Your usasteeee a mi me mi burlaste you
In order vierneeeees
Today I do not go :(
Never return to a former
The ringer is turned off and ready 
As I approach the tele with pi hahaha rex chaff sebelo next Friday there
Well boring
I re burn the shell of the parrot, I'll take a nap, manejacion
I asked a pastor of love and he told me to hand it over to God.
THESE WELL WORTH !!! LPM JAJAJAJAJS
Luca today we rejoice
Hello bebesss
Mom kills laughter watching videos on fb lol
The cream of the simpsons in that park was the best thing happened to me in life and not exaggerating, I fell in love ice cream
I'm cold
Going to work ... tranqui. Llovera?  
...
Better bora
They're all here re panchos
I grabbed
Sucks being a woman
Maru going to come home to nap lol
They are all studying physics! And do you give the ball mirta
I want to make fried cakes, but the kitchen is not my forte
Nose and like all
Who has celu? NENA ESSSTAAA
Aaa ta kill me now
@ DiegoMiguez01 is horrible what you're saying, they are people too eee also have families, have rights and may change
I think if it's raining today so I stay in house lay
Here with friends always accompany me #bff  http://t.co/JCt7RpM5Pn
Hello http://t.co/7piJkn7zTU left me alone :(
He let me follow anyone, I'll kill myself 
Neither Viagra can be trusted.
Today I saw Sister jero pfff
Flor_uy Not passed it to a friend. Me fail or try Viagra. YoTeDaria
Very bizarre: Pepe in front of the Liberator and Paysandu Center Military channnn http://t.co/F00UOrwoUJ
Love never felt so fine..
My friend says q xa did make her feel good to her. A mi me decis q xa accurate viagra may go in and you can sneak a fire extinguisher in the ogt :)
That unfortunate that I'm the bitch madreee 
That sweetie girl
The only reason I go is because whenever I come across any of Funtour or planet but rid you go
No worse? I did not see and do not go out today. 
No back ... they love  http://t.co/013qURRxkJ
How to start when the slope is ALWAYS?
Luisina Gomera (?
Hahaha is bravo to the puppy
Burned *
Lol forgot to 15:15 am
Mine does not have and do not want you to put me just because I forget jajajjajajaja
Go to high school and do not have classes for you is like going home in balls!
Better not go to the club
GonzaaDuarteeee Not reach you is not my thing relative
And this one is to send me to shut up?
And hot lindaaa amo
AND VALE I googleamos toodo at recess, na fuck it pediomos to mavi.
Neither the four are, and I'm having breakfast haha
Still it is a tremendous yeta last. Prick
Do you see what you see when you see me?
Today HALLOWEEN night in the tavern ...
Sweet or Mischief?  http://t.co/T3yOX5jEsi
Jodeeeeeeemeeee !!! jajajajajajajajajajajajajajajajaja
Walking the band
Each passing day it becomes worse
JohnAlvarezZz Excuses
I hope it does not rain at night
Halloween 
Sure, it was just yesterday and today God has to rain 
Ay the Profe not offended haha
I'm bad with jajajjaja worth
http://t.co/UbFszz0ay4
#MuchoLio
Muchoooo
Go there cojetelo 1 girlfriend Tulla behind the
I ended up comedy !!!!!
http://t.co/6aiT5gc6B5
I had intended to go straight to what daddy
I'm drinking coffee haha
kikiialvarez graciass
Today I will not bore you much
@ EnzoCalicchio1 not manzanga
jime arrives and because I came slump :(
It hurts the bitch rodilla
Now I have wifi at home !!! Again
IMarcelitoCasco that?
I just wanted to go but ta
Confirmed until we avivamos us more than you
Not left my room in QE impree toodito day!
I still do not know who was the Pibito that shit to obscenities, pa and made me burn, deci who was 15 my bf but pua

More than rope lanyard
I believe in love since I met just when you thought it was not for me
Take me and I-lu
NHuvatt Me too !!!! Much !!! Sacate the boluda padlock, yuck
I want to live somewhere else
rodrisilveiragh as pearol yasabes company haha
While Sharon was studying people I talk to my facebook -.-
In my neighborhood no one walks
I'm going to win one thousand dollars to the hd
When I told dad if I wanted to go see the Oreja de Van Gogh said that if I do not know if I was serious
You'll see me coming, you'll hear my song
Bored and I have to find this? Is torture not being able or touch http://t.co/qD2onpKurj
tremendous jerk firm nhn
Dale I'm going out now, and is cleaning sandy
The beard took a gamble and bought me mixed booties, I can not believe
I wish it was as in the claim, give a cookie to the teacher and I spend this year
What a beautiful nap I stuck
Jajajajajaja
I will disguise rural worker * leaves with the spray washing fern leaves *
Beautiful
check out jack &amp; jacks new music video

@jackjackjohnson
@jackgilinsky

#WildLifeMusicVideo
http://t.co/QW0rlFnpjg http://t.co/d3RIt1f38F
"@ConVdeViolarte: http://t.co/b1iDebsJdM"
check out jack &amp; jacks new music video

@jackjackjohnson
@jackgilinsky

#WildLifeMusicVideo
http://t.co/QW0rlFnpjg http://t.co/nIoG1qIJno
jajajajajaj going to get something and I remembered something else and did not put anything
I do not even want to stop
that I'm tired.
WPP 091005181
And I have to let go, I know I'll regret, but I tell you love to Know when parar
But would follow napping and woke me ta
@ Marthg8 bueno Additional description
That love, light music
Ta salty rain
Coooojeemos todoooos
@HeffronDrive  @katelyntarver  #LOVE Jendall  Follow me please!  @ktothe5th http://t.co/iucHzr4E4p
Friend
Iagusvivaldo for? If I'm Britney
The only thing missing is that Rodrigo fence home and tell my
old, no weapon if you mess me another flower is.
How strange it feels to travel with Mili
Besides the pear ajjajajajajjaja wtf ???
Yo your 
Today's geography was removed selfies and I made war, yuck lol http://t.co/0ZZ3O5wFUF
I love 
I do not do that here, Chuck, I have to put together a summary and study for Monday
#Halloween # 3.14 #gordas #mansasTrianaRamiiEchetoLu http://t.co/fduL4JsFjM
Obviously it is natural esoo gae and more ..quitiperez sanooo
Fatima bitch lol poor animal  http://t.co/5g7WzszmCu
It breaks my head
It tremeeenda straw for all
EugeniaaEnebutt I said I was not going out, you cut thick
Today death will venirrr
irenica_cmjencarlosmusic if if you saw !! It's so tender until he tells the mierda.Se you hear so sweet haha
This sucks
Fruit, estoy reeee cansado :(
rvh111 waheedansari15 @ @ @ @ sophiesyed55 mainzina carvalheucilene TuTulsa @ lovi7 @ Kam11Bbc http://t.co/YUAHVpuVRt 8675309FL ONEMAKEmeg
@ NachoW7 that teacher? Hahaha it was
@ rvh111 @ sophiesyed55 http://t.co/wpep8x7QaL mainzina carvalheucilene TuTulsa
Lol @ wiltico13 cuddly him
Pamela_Correa_ I do not have. My sister is complicated ...
I want to go to Columbus
These fucking assholes who enter the pc all year and now go to da pa stones down the candy manguearte
It's so crazy
You know when you vereee? Never masss
They come to ask for candy and deal with the best ass face I go to say no
Lalalalala bored.
Haloweeennn
#ReJuegaQue Encare with Aguiar in 2015
SantyYasuiree Haha hopefully never will again target
#FSRadioUruguay Speaks only rios?
Gabe asked me to leave the photo that does not ta in black and white on wpp, let the colorful, I love, I know 
Pq I knew how things were
At this time I could be with my chico
And dressed it arrives
_buenmuchacho alda asElSordoGonzalez says
In 3 hours my fc :)
The Emilia goes, bye I'm going to hell
Teamoteamoteamo http://t.co/oUlzI6Th95
Those who come to the end of sc Athenaeum, you scream 11 and 12 respectively Franco y nacho
Just the day of my birthday will be the worst thing will happen.
Decuma1 @ @ @ nonnita05QuerubeG maria208055jatilanommjimenayolanda'M LIVING IN MONTEVIDEO, URUGUAY !! CAPITAL BESOSSSS !!
The firm that makes me angry
"They are men. What do you expect? They're all shit.
Ta if, but the giant has "#conversacionesSustentables
I am crazy and I confess that I want to find
. http://t.co/NuIgDhvP6W
Your guacho nothing q see jajajj
Ta a trip this lyceum
Oh my diet is so disgusting but good food
I heard nothing from my boyfriend all day _
I fell playing and I scraped my hand
The half empty as my life path without you
paid $ 180 deserve another deal.
still a part of the platform says "fresh paint". unserious!
Lucia and are maicol prettiest juntos
Gallitooooooo You know
@ Fedee36 oh well, hahaha
The dream itself
Besides showing tits q does not have, is pure sutien the aja botija
In minutes out what new OWIN AND THE GATE with JACK!
1500 I thought a mile a minute
MilenneKhoury Empezas goes to shit and fuck, do not infirmities pendejaaa
collegecopa ok, then do not cry ...
21:12
Nothing cuter than sentiar with my sister I love ugly ww
If you come to the 10 that neither come
Now it makes me burn and
My brother brought pizza
Dame was 
Mate, route, Sabina andPabloBarrone to me. Cuter impossible  http://t.co/cKNHzKiFmj
I'll look laa buuuuena movie, grax
I love being at Grandma's house
say that you're a die but that's naranjaaaa
I'll have to choose between these
No compromise, just give up the floor
Because I have to study, but see if I study at night pfff
There was a boy in the shirt of poor pearol was not ashamed to be scary
That goddess Cecilia
I'm hungry
arrives
I lol @ IsmaM17 me loki Noms
Rain rain rains
When I was little I gather encanaba firefly in a territory
That break practice today lol
I did not like how we say goodbye ..
Leave you start saying your mother ate a thong
It hurts to acknowledge mistakes hurts, and it hurts to know that without you is better,
Suspended Monday #
Jajajajaj like and I'm not hungry, well there
Eclipsee ahq
Posta spend less this always alone when I'm bad, yuck
And seraaa
Malvin 37 Goes 23 final 1ert #LigaUruguaya
I came to in
Raging
I pa 'antics 
MadeFreire @ Fioborche97 good girls, it was a pleasure to meet tomorrow I leave for my new destination, lyyy 
ih_marianaMartinaSalazar_ @ FioLeon11martinasueiro the Genias jajjaja pedorroo !! difrasada http://t.co/hKpjBK8TUD
10:10
Mama does not want more, well mami muuuuuuy 
Given jaaaaaa daleee 
Send to my brother to keep in the shed gt Jajajajaja not be
This so boring splicing 
C5N maracana1950 @ @ @ PCKF26VictoriaVickidc truth grabs the donkey and then kills opinion

22:22
I got killed

Centuries ago do not hear this topic
Jajjajajajajajaa the viki is re hdp
It hdp me, I have to be like her. No one command to speak things that are not son
While I'm understanding the way
I want you to tell me
What about me, right? #HappyHalloween  http://t.co/d001whYMY3
#AreaNocturna'll Make you fall in love
But obviously not enough for you to do so
@ Mojarraa4 that channel?
In those moments you do not ask "Let's be" diosss
She m the vibe, the night in m clase
Just published a photo @ Montevideo, Uruguay http://t.co/t45NuweZWc
Veni home because it is not need Halloween costume :)
Right to refrigerator
_Aggusttin What?
My brother gets so hysterical I
here in Vero 15, with Mela, Samy and Mile
Jodaaaaa
Inee_Arraga Already ... Had to send it back, no?
Not bored
On a braian le pira posta
Just had to put that song ??, see decimeee
Hahahaha truth
Fede because there is a burning smell?
-apology what happens in the kitchen stays in the kitchen
I'm going to sleep now
Luucheeeei Salty not stand these people more
Festicholongui http://t.co/3EgfUgLx7E
Nadiemeseparara Holaaa
Gaaassston My life, forgiveness, but does not walk me wpp with 3G and wi fi'm not, I amooo
Ah no, I'm ashamed jajajaj painted
Carolina took her pq rt gave me bo
#LPDR Http://t.co/VbURnNLalX
Let him go to rain nomas
I love the picture we took with us yesterday beluuu
I talk when I getGaaassston
Fresquita night pa cute together to make a little something
Quieze say I have little tws
Lpm can not be worse
We dry
Me coming home pa
I is going black ink and I began to be blonde again
So many nights I I spend thinking about where you are and if you returned
Success Halloween fest
It was family birthday party mozaaaaa
Cristi said eli these divine and scream papa jajajaj hopefully tomorrow as ear
I was cooking when I realized that I was pregnant Oo morron http://t.co/68SWZJHzEi
Vpi
diegodelacurva is very good !! El.asesino is the butler ...., uuyyyy uppss sorry !!!!
@ Katherine1207_ no place?
Pua
I would not
ExcellentthisistherealJT selfie @ thisistherealjt
just stop by later re near a car and says something crazy and said re evil "that you say ??"
I will read tw yayo already been
I slept awful bad nap
I died the dog whisperer?
Crazy fissure tw puts this one to when shitting
#Hallowen @ Pablo32197294 http://t.co/jA2I8w3NOl
Halloween and this beautiful woman! http://t.co/q3Ax0YzmBP
Least ...
What a beautiful tarde
Goodbye (:
Jajjajajajajajaj tato like crazy
Wasap that sounds good or not .ortivas
but breaking balls that gurisa
Todocpioa
#OldTime http://t.co/MDOf6GxXCt
elchatopradadadybrieva Spectacular choreography full excitement!
Resume on good and bad !!
karennn diviina
How nice not to have classes on Saturdays
Alvaroalvaropintos Thanks!
Edu you no salis by pollerudo lol
GabbbiP You ???
#UnaSemana From your first #show in #Uruguaycarlosbaute Thanks for that special moment! #VolvePronto Kisses http://t.co/KIKKnUEppb
You always think that's what inspires them.
IFTeffSonde GILAA, answer WHORE MOTHER
#NoviembreConNDe NATIONAL CHAMPION
It's my illusion to see you today I bag hastaa the national death must win and return together to give  vamo
One question, if every time I am speaking nerves, I think all day etc, I'll be in love? Poeitca Action
Lousy photo but eseee good weekend
tony apart shouted fede fedeeee and never was jajajajaj
Whoever said friends said amorrrr
LILIRANGsealabrujitaLauraCuomomarisalilin @ Aliciablanco49 @ merchu52patri_bellucciGraceAndino If here just great weekend. Bs
From falls idiot told you. Fabio was right and I will implement my plan
if Pope
@ RosiMuniz12abcousillas Rosi go to sleep at your house, ta? lov
Sign me all angry
http://t.co/3MiCdUDN5U
I have nothing for tomorrow
I'm bored
amigos themselves jajjaj
Renec  @RenataGrub
Jajajajajaja'm too tared
I'll look faso
spoon ..
I'm going to bathe and put me in Bethlehem jajajja bathroom http://t.co/LHC8CIwgLR
4 % 
That weirdest conversation ajajajaja bo
Loose 70% of my day sleep
Friday I'm in my house
Hahahaha sexi pictures
I'll go for a while
Noviembre sin ti ..
Nobody noticed
That little thing that I hate waiting
Letting the phone to your friend and to record audio to everyone
Esteeeebaaaannn
Rumbooooo a casuuuuuuuuuu
Hdp Jajajajjajajajajjajajajaja that those who are in the tw la.piba
And Maxi is apurara ...
My neighbor is listening to blaring "My baby facebook" uu
I went to dormirrr peck on the tail
From oneeee
Up, up, down to the clouds
What is wrong?
I want a compuuuuuu
I want to see this jajajjajajaja verank
who is the virgin who goes to sleep? give them a clue begins with I
And the plan itself
As a flow injection
EmanuelMatiasG Where we ended up?
I have no more grain left me scabies from one day to the other 
that face dick please
Like I watch cartoons
All married except me.
Hahaha I hate this place my location
Curbelooo in the square walked gil your best friend did not know how I missed you lol
Paaa jajajajaja http://t.co/DNHIezhiKR
Plug in the charger when not die
nahualberro that *
That self is the chick lol
Happy Birthday @ PaulaAzambuja1 Puly !!!!!! 
The little hand arribaaaaaaa
VA today
I take a sleeping pill and nothing ...
A triple the halloween from here. The decor, costumes, everything, firm haha.
Today I'm going to have more nightmares shell dick
So long as you'reVirgiPerezz
Tomorrow I want to do something
When we fart empedamos
MathiVarca Your tws not say the same
I do not understand pq pablo tell some duck
NO ME QU DAYS IN ME SNECESITA
WELL MY BOYFRIEND IS IN A BAND
You put sisi dale unhappy not see that nobody wants you 
Ay cylinder cylinder
It makes me burn it all excuses both ALL
Ah still
Die of cold
Caducado http://t.co/zn94iIhs3M
Sum if pearol 
Obviously I bathe at 3 la.maana
Give me a message signal (8)
Now they remember everything haha
Mass
Since it was so sleep  tmb Cute Day  Goodnight
Martin're an idiot lol lr said "pissing" my cousin 3 years lol're a bldo
Yop and naty with nano  http://t.co/nUxUKvGJEP
Sienore happens to me iguaaaaaal
Hahaha worst lpm
I'm going to take the music to see if I get sleepy so
Ojala q q weekend comes explode please
The biology is another rarq has its good morning and bad days
Lol good good
The masss of English is, the teacher is a layer the bancooo!
You do not go griteeeee 
For me you have to leave
Buenaaaaaaas
I think I'm addicted to tacos 
"I like the smell of shit but that BUAA" said the fat
http://t.co/pHeAiL6mRh
this chick swears qe have nothing interesting to say about her in this kids
I make way too Sea
Ta does not do
Cansadoss
There is tremendous wind lpm
My legs hurt like crazy LPM
SUELTAAAA
Toditas runs hours
"It would almost identical to those defending objectives, stop hurting each other and join forces against common opponents."
@ Fiopereira2 long until bomito tripaas todito poor ajajaja !!!
A chief cristian
Today I put my cat to pibessss
Do not feel like a cowboy or ppnerme
All made tremendous scene and fb tw ivan cane explode haha I think we were the only ones burning everything

no, that rises only
Hahaha, I feel re dj
10p
Zulma made me blush matte
Pillar cover
All old luck would have liked to be but hey, let life! queirozfacundoEspinoKitiGuzFeijooJuanmaFav @ TomyPe11 etc
I will do anything
I re toiled bed
They, no porfees amparo !!
Half
I worry about the disappearance ofgrazianopascale what Habran be kidnapped aliens or photoshop effect of polls
He painted bajon
Buenass
@LuuGonzalezM ajajjajajajja dale
We will have to dust off the costume brave and go tripping
I do not understand math
You like?
No, Why?
-Sonreste To hear his name.
As I will not laugh if you call Rosa Melano.
Do not you realize that I'm ignoring?
jaajjaj fell banda
Mama says Ramn this crazy ajajajjajajajajjaajjajajjaja
Call now strange without explicacinn
It breaks my head
Quite Le me the lalalala
I have to go to trabajarrr noo
I will not say goodbye just saying you up soon (8
miramaroficial Started andBostonRiverSAD http://t.co/5R0bRJ3TlF
How sad it is to have high school Saturday 
I'm hungry lpm
cantoniiii ta times?
Note that absolutely no one cares
@ Andal13 @ Popix14 Ahhh but commented that it was a rich guy!
Eli eli is not ugly is beautiful
I laugh like shit gurises were lol
Pa are 11 quarter ..
That masaaa
two centuries to achieve this divinez AHRE http://t.co/COqLeCuwlx
Lately I'm seriously thinking I want a dog
I had to stop following him, because he died of disgust with the things this kid rt
Poor crazy
When you want gil
I forgot to put the caravans
I'll sleep on the couch, who knows Disp jajajajajajaja lead me, bye
The dead child is to "kill" Wendy. I never better.
I have to eat breakfast, wash my hair and be in the pines at 12 
The legs candy, ice, dogs, matte, gremblyns and x box. http://t.co/0qeUw3kUI0
1 months, 30 days, 4 hours 18 minutes.
Fafsgsgggggg
Just now I realized that since 4100 through tweets ... Mbua
My girl, mi nia yo quisieraaa
It will take me u wind
Do not move anyone out of bed today
thanks broo xjoacomonte all
It is very cold outside?
As carna
Today we  night and 
I ended 3g, lp
Inadvertently started to love 
If I miraaaaaAAAAras eyes you veooOo
I want to be so
Muchoo making summaries on a Saturday in September ammm
It's the worst see how that looks at her
That embole
I was about to go home with the jacket of the jajjajajajaja Manya phyto
Morning was nice after all
Re Quit lying to Dad. What a bad daughter I am
I hate to wake me, I hate it !! I leto hysterical
I feel bad reee
Volvii internet at last ....
el poooo
It's cold today |
Countries with the best health care system in Latin America http://t.co/LxRVQXZFLK viainfobaeamerica
I want to walk Maximum 
Good night of hallowen ;)
Today is night cat seems ...
MaruCandoni Out like jajjajaja
Dormi too deep last night, that divine 
By ugly
I speak anymore
And Wind
Delfi me nose clean ajajjajajaja
I will eat
And that just got up me
Then hunger
Forgive us we're sick, forgive us!
Obviously defend it.
That gave me cold
I hit the terrible Cachote Jose when we were coming, I'll kill
This employee does not come clean and since I ran out of glasses
Today I do general cleaning in my room
NMatschulat You hate sabelooo jajajajja
Hermosha witch haha
I love you natasha http://t.co/qkiegGy4Dw
A larva Flo lol
I want another but I have $ 5: ((((
The Dudu and my sister the Cortamambo, nor let me be happy :(
Just give oral English
And I have tremendous hunger
I love to spend ntvg songs by fm America
@juancarlis96 voyy!!!
Infumable my brother and his girlfriend, infumable ...
@ Dorita22129191 Neri come home early the next laru at 3 because it has to do something with mother
micaformento not.
Who makes me 2 the movies?
Hahahaha
For if it rains I will stress
With goodies so we made 
Not you but I will have cold
Me, pena
Que linda yesterday evening
I am to watch movies lying beside a boyfriend all day !! Anyway, I have no movies or boyfriend
Adriapablaza Adriii Veniss today ??
Federico Macbeth left me smelling Milanese. Son beach.
@ Mjcp10 5 soccer Sunday at 10 scorpios PODES?
Love of my life.

#EMABiggestFansJustinBieber Http://t.co/etnmYimcaP
pumpimpak vapai Nieri, I'll be cn martin rescue platay see if vpi
Do not know how I fell but firm
The casa.muda is a cheap copy
This sarpado that have 2GB per month
Yesterday they gave equal
